extremely stable, and there was abundant mako in all of the pools, not to mention what must be buried further underground. Whether Lazard liked them or not, it had to be said that the Mako Research Department had really picked a gem this time. Happy to be finished so soon, Zack and Cloud packed up their belongings and headed back to the entrance of the cavern, expecting to see Angeal waiting there for them.

It took a moment for their eyes to adjust to the light again once they stepped outside, but once they did it immediately occurred to both of them that something wasn't right. It was nearly three, and yet there were no other tracks in the snow besides their own. Even in thick snow, Angeal should have caught up with them by now. So where was he? Zack stared up at the sky for a moment, trying to judge the time by the sun's position, and it was then that he realized just what had happened.

"Uhh… Cloud?" he began hesitantly.

"Hmm?"

"I, uhh… I think I messed up our directions. Completely."

"What? What do you mean?"

"I mean I think we went in completely the opposite direction we should have gone. Look up there. From where we were supposed to go, the sun should have been to the right of us at three. It's to the left right now." Cloud's face paled.

"Oh… Umm… Oops?"

"Yeah. Understatement of the century there, Spiky." Zack sighed, stifling another cough into his fist, and looked back up at the sky. "Well, that would definitely explain why Angeal isn't here yet. He's probably over at the right site already, wondering where we are."

"But this is a good thing in the end, right?" Cloud asked, smiling optimistically. "If Angeal checks out that site and it's a good one, that means we'll have found two great reactor sites, instead of just one." Zack beamed at him, realizing he was absolutely right.

"Yeah, that's true!" he said happily. "And if we hurry, we should still be able to make it back in time to cross paths with Angeal before he gets back to our original campsite. This may turn out to be a better mission than any of us thought!" With that, he spun on his heel and began heading back down the trail, leaving Cloud to run after him this time.

By the time the sun was nearing the horizon, Zack and Cloud had made it most of the way back to where Cid had brought them the day before. Both of them were ready to return to their tent and sleep for the night, and Cloud was beginning to worry a little about Zack, too. For all his effort to look energetic and lively, the SOLDIER was very obviously exhausted. Cloud could hear his footsteps growing slower and slower, and soon he had fallen so far behind that Cloud was once again forced to wait for him to catch up before moving out again. He was also coughing almost constantly now, although he tried to hide it. He hadn't said much to Cloud since they left the cavern earlier, and Cloud didn't force him to talk. If he didn't feel up to it, he'd leave him alone.

It was just before they reached their campsite that Cloud noticed he couldn't hear Zack walking behind him anymore. It had grown dark about half an hour ago, and he hadn't been paying attention to the sound of his friend's footsteps for quite a while, so he began to worry when he realized he had no idea when he had lost track of Zack. Sprinting back the way they had come, Cloud looked around for where his friend might be, trying not to let himself think about the many types of predatory creatures that loved to come out and hunt after dark. Every shape began to look dangerous, and he fought his rising panic when he shouted for Zack again and again and still received no answer.

Finally, he spotted the shape of what could only be Zack leaning against one of the trees half a mile back from where he had first begun searching. He ran to him but pulled up short when Zack held up a hand to stop him. To his surprise, the SOLDIER dropped to his knees, hacking raggedly into his fist and clutching his chest with his other hand as his eyes scrunched shut in pain. Alarmed, Cloud dropped to his knees beside him, putting a hand on his back and offering him the canteen he was carrying with him. Once he had taken a few sips of water, Zack's coughing died down, but he was still out of breath when he stood shakily and began to walk back down the path again.

"Zack, what was that?" Cloud asked worriedly when they finally reached their campsite, not liking the way his friend was wheezing shrilly now with every breath he took.

"Don't – *cough* – don't know," he rasped
room – I'll help you." He and Reno each lifted one end of Dark Nation's body, with Rufus supporting her head as they took her up the hall to the exam room and laid her on the table.

Once he was sure she was not going to fight him – she had been known to need a muzzle on occasion, when she was in a particularly good mood – Dr. Liner began to check her over. He took her temperature, frowning at how low it was, checked her pulse and breathing, and lifted her eyelids and lips to check the color of the membranes there – they were white as snow. He sighed, patting the great cat affectionately and scratching behind her ears as he shook his head and looked up at Rufus. He stared back steadily, his eyes betraying nothing as he waited for the doctor's assessment.

"Rufus, I don't think there's anything I can do for her," he said sadly, looking into the Guard Hound's glazed eyes as she coughed weakly and took a moment to catch her breath. He did not miss the way Rufus's fist clenched tightly to keep it from trembling, but he did not comment on it. "She's hung on through more than anyone could ever have expected, but I think her age has finally caught up with her. The fluid in her lungs and weak pulse are symptoms of congestive heart failure, and the pallor of her mucous membranes indicates to me that she is extremely anemic. If you wanted to, we could give her some blood, and try to keep her warm, but that would only prolong the inevitable – if she even made it through the night." Reno's eyes widened in shock; he had known she was in bad shape, but he wasn't prepared to hear anything like this.

"So what are you suggesting I do?" Rufus asked quietly, his voice completely monotone.

"I suggest euthanasia. I'll give her a shot, and it will take only a few seconds before her heart stops and she essentially just goes to sleep. Other than the needle-stick, it's totally painless."

"She'll suffer greatly if I ask you to keep her alive a little longer, won't she?"

"Yes, I believe so. I am capable of it, but it isn't something I would recommend."

Rufus nodded. "I understand." He reached out and began to stroke Dark Nation's sleek body, fighting back a shudder when he thought about just how bony she had become. She turned her head slightly to look at him, a brief flash of recognition returning to her eyes before she laid her head down again and coughed raggedly. Rufus moved his hand to her head, hoping she would not be bothered by how much it was shaking now.

"Boss," Reno said quietly. "I think –"

"Do it," Rufus said quietly, never looking up from petting Nation.

"You're sure?" Dr. Liner asked gently, resisting the urge to put a weathered hand on the young man's shoulder. Rufus nodded.

"She doesn't deserve to suffer just so I can keep her body alive a little longer."

"I understand." The older man handed Rufus a document authorizing the procedure, which he signed with barely a glance at. "Would you like to stay here with her while I do this?"

"Yes. I owe her that much," he answered in a voice barely above a whisper. Dr. Liner nodded, leaving the room for just a moment and returning with a needle full of a clear liquid. With ease only years of practice could have given him, the vet found the vein he was looking for and inserted the needle in a quick, fluid motion, pushing the plunger down when he was sure he had hit his mark. For just a moment, Dark Nation's eyes regained an almost youthful clarity, and she let out a gentle, purring growl and turned her head towards Rufus. He scratched her ears, and she gave Rufus's hand one final lick before laying her head down on the table and passing into eternity with a long, soft sigh. Reno felt his breath hitch and suppressed a sob he hadn't felt coming. Rufus leaned down and kissed his great cat's head, then closed his eyes and sighed deeply.

"Reno, will you settle up here?" he asked softly. "I'd like to wait for you in the car."

"Yeah, sure thing…" Reno said distractedly, still staring at Nation's body as if willing her to leap up from the table and shout "Just kidding!" Rufus spun on his heel and strode down the hall, shoes clicking loudly in the stillness of the building. Reno stood there for a minute, just stroking the Guard Hound's body and scratching her ears, thinking how much he was going to miss her.

"So, Reno," Dr. Liner said after he heard the front door slide closed. "I will handle the body. You can choose
of ninety-proof tequila mixed with a few drops of rum for color and complete with an agave worm at the bottom. They were definitely strong enough to knock a man flat on his ass if he did enough of them.

The bartender set the tray of twelve shots between the two men, and Vincent immediately picked one up in his flesh hand and tossed it back, coughing slightly as it burned its way down his throat. Cid did the same, grinning triumphantly when he managed not to cough at all.

"Ya sure yer up to this, Vince? It's not too late to back out." Vincent snorted and tossed back another shot.

"In your dreams."

By the time they both reached the end of the first tray of Midgar Zoloms and got halfway through a second one, both men had forgotten about the fact that they were supposed to be out-drinking each other. Vincent was holding his ninth shot and staring at the worm at the bottom as if he had never seen anything more fascinating in his life, and Cid was busy telling a story about Tifa that he could only barely understand.

"An' then when I *hic* asked 'er 'f they were real, she fuckin' punched me! Can ya *hic* believe it?"

"But y'know you're not s'posed to ask girls quest - *hic* - questions like tha'," Vincent slurred from his seat, waving his index finger at Cid in an attempt to look serious and ending up following it with his eyes instead. "'Specially when you're married."

"Yeaaah, but what man don' wonder 'bout whether they're *hic* real? Was jus' curious…" Suddenly Cid looked down at his shirt, tilting his head and appearing to be deep in thought.

"I wonder if I'd *hic* look good with boobs…"

Vincent was so taken by surprise by that statement that he shot tequila out of his nose, coughing and holding a napkin up to his face while he began to giggle to himself. Instead of hiding it as he usually would, though, he eventually ended up throwing his head back and roaring with laughter, his voice going higher than Cid had ever imagined it could as he cackled like a hyena. Cid just stared, his mouth hanging open, as the man he had rarely ever heard a chuckle from continued to laugh so hard he was turning red in the face.

"Hoo, boy…" the pilot thought as he watched the gunman continue to laugh hysterically. "I think I broke him…"

"Ahahaha… Ahaha… Aha… ha… ha… Eheheh… Oh, *hic* gods, Cid," Vincent said, wiping tears from his eyes when he finally got himself under control. "I dunno why tha' was so funnnnny, but i' was…"

"Yeh said it, man. Jes' hang on a sec, though. I gotta hit the – uh… what's the word…"

"Lavatory?" Vincent suggested, somehow still remembering bigger words than Cid even though he was even drunker than the pilot.

"No, not th' laboratory, they don' have those in bars. The uh… Bathroom! Tha's it!" The pilot hurriedly got off the stool and staggered toward the bathroom, barely managing to avoid falling onto a table that stood in the way. Vincent suddenly noticed two small objects sitting on the counter at Cid's seat: his cigarettes and lighter.

"Hmm… I wonder why he likes these s' much…" He opened the package of cigarettes, pulling out the only one left and sniffing it curiously. Well, it smelled okay… He didn't notice Cid coming back from the bathroom while slipped it between his lips, flicking the lighter open and touching the flame to the tip of the cigarette. Just before Cid could ask what he was doing, he took a deep drag from it, immediately choking on the smoke and hacking into his fist afterward. The blond just shook his head and laughed, patting Vincent on the back while he gasped and wheezed. When he had finally managed to get his breath back, Cid smacked the back of his head lightly.

"The hell're ya doin' with my cigs?" he asked, taking the now-empty pack and lighter back from Vincent and sliding them into his shirt pocket.

"Jus' - *cough* - jus' wanted to see what was s' good 'bout 'em," Vincent croaked quietly.

"Well yer not s'posed ta try inhalin' the whole thing at once, dumbass," Cid said, still chuckling as Vincent reached for another Midgar Zolom. "Uhh, Vince? Dontcha *hic* think yeh mighta had 'nough o' them things?" Vincent glared icily at him, his red eyes having trouble focusing on the pilot's face.

"Don't you drinking tell me when I've goin' had the… uh… What was I saying?" Cid sighed and slapped his forehead with his palm. He knew he had been hitting the stuff a little hard himself
than usual as he looked over at her. She smiled and shrugged, staring at the front of the colorfully-painted shop in wonder.

"There isn't one in the part of the slums I live in," she said quietly. "And it's too dangerous to travel between sectors alone." Zack frowned slightly, crossing his arms and cocking his head to one side.

"So why didn't you just ask your big tough SOLDIER boyfriend to escort you from one sector to another?" Aerith looked down at her feet, blushing slightly.

"I… didn't want to impose…" Zack chuckled and shook his head, taking her arm and leading her toward the door of the shop.

"Well from now on, impose whenever you want, okay? I like it when you ask me to do things. Makes me feel useful." Aerith smiled, but it quickly faded to a slack-jawed stare when she saw all the different flavors lined up side by side in the case near the counter. How in the world did people choose just one? Zack laughed aloud at her expression, the smile reaching all the way to his eyes.

"Well, Mr. SOLDIER, do you think I could ask you to help me pick out some ice cream…?" she asked tentatively, her eyes still quite a bit bigger than usual.

"A little overwhelmed?" he teased, laughing again when she glared at him in mock anger.

"Of course I am! I thought ice cream just came in vanilla and chocolate!"

"Not here, it doesn't," the owner of the shop chimed in, pointing at the many tubs of ice cream in the freezer with a bright smile that deepened the wrinkles on his face. "We have thirty-one flavors of ice cream here at any given time, and a few get rotated every month. Is there anything in particular you'd like to sample?"

"I… I don't know…" Aerith said, her eyes wide as she surveyed the seemingly endless variety of frozen delights laid out before her. "Zack, what do you think is the best?"

"Hmm…" he said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. "I usually get the Peppermint Fudge, but I guess they rotated it out this month."

"Yeah," said the shopkeeper, pointing to a tub near the end of the row. "It's Lemon Custard instead right now." Zack and Aerith both wrinkled their noses a little.

"Well, I guess that one's out," Zack said with a tiny sigh. "Why don't you just pick whatever looks the best and sample it, and if you like it then I'll buy you some?" Aerith smiled at him and nodded, pointing to a tub of dazzlingly pink ice cream.

"I'll try whatever flavor that is," she said quietly. The old man smiled again, handing her a tiny spoon filled with ice cream.

"It's Raspberry Sorbet," he said before she could ask. "And it's one of my favorites." She tentatively licked it, and her eyes brightened immediately as she stuck the rest of it into her mouth and licked the spoon clean.

"So I take it that's a winner?" Zack asked in amusement.

"Yes!" she answered happily, making her long braid bounce up and down against her back when she nodded. "I love raspberries! This is delicious!"

"Alrighty then. Two Raspberry Sorbets, please." The man dipped their ice cream into two cones while Zack reached into his wallet and pulled out the right number of gil. Once he had paid, they sat down at a table outside, content to enjoy each other's company while they ate and watched people pass by on the streets.

It wasn't long before both of them had finished their sweet treats, leaving nothing but cold hands and sticky mouths behind to remember it by. Zack yawned and stretched, feeling relaxed in the warm summer air. Aerith stood from the table, smoothing her skirt and smiling brightly at Zack in a way that always made his heart beat a little faster.

"So, did you enjoy your first trip to an ice cream parlor?"

"Yes. Thank you, Zack. It was a lot of fun."

"I'll bring you back here again soon then, okay? Maybe we can even come back here once a week until we've tried all the flavors." He did not, of course, mention that there were always new flavors being added and tweaked, to the tune of around a hundred being created since the shop started.

"Oh, thank you Zack!" Aerith said happily. "But I'd really hate to impose –"

"Ah-ah-ah," Zack scolded, wagging a finger at her. "What did I say about that word?" Aerith smiled at him again, shaking her head and leaning a little closer to him.

"That reminds me, Zack. I just thought of something even sweeter than ice cream."

"Oh yeah? What's that?"

In a flash, she
"Oh, well. At least he's warm." They spent the rest of the night that way, with Vincent holding tightly to Yuffie, and the gunman stayed peacefully asleep the entire time. And Yuffie – though she would never admit it to Vincent for fear of being hung upside down from the roof – enjoyed every minute of it.

The first thing Vincent saw when he awoke the next morning was Yuffie, curled up beside him with her back against his chest. He couldn't remember why she was there, but he had no chance to dwell on it; at that moment, he was seized by a painful fit of dry, wheezy coughing that had him curled up into a gasping ball before he knew what had happened. Each rattling hack made him feel like his throat was full of liquid fire, and he barely had time to take a breath before it was cut off by another cough. Yuffie had snapped awake with the first wheeze, and she hurried out of bed and fetched a glass of water and the bottle of cough syrup in her backpack. She helped him to sit up, knowing that would help him breathe better, and held the glass up to his lips so he could drink. He sucked it down as if he hadn't had water in years, and his coughs immediately began to ease. A short time later they abated completely, and he sank tiredly back onto his pillow, holding his now throbbing head and closing his eyes.

"Hey, Vincent, I just thought of something," Yuffie said slowly as she placed the empty glass on the nightstand and began filling a little plastic cup with cough syrup. He cracked open his ruby-colored eyes and looked at her inquisitively. "You didn't get a flu shot, did you?"

"No," he rasped, hating how airy his voice sounded. "I never get sick, so there was no need." Yuffie sighed, somehow knowing he was going to say that.

"Yeah, well, now you've got a pretty nasty case of the flu." She handed him the cup of medicine and he tossed it back, grimacing at the bitter taste. "I think it's gonna get a little worse before it gets any better, even with your demons to help you." Vincent sighed, rolling over onto his stomach and burying his face in the pillow. "What are you doing now?"

"Trying to smother myself," he answered dryly.

"Why?"

"That way I can at least die with a little of my dignity intact." Yuffie chuckled, amazed that he was actually cracking a joke, and patted his shoulder sympathetically.

"You'll get through this in one piece. Don't worry. Do you feel like eating anything?" He rolled back onto his side, ignoring the sudden irritable grumble of his stomach, and nodded. She smiled and strode into the kitchen to heat up another bowl of chicken soup. When it was finished, she handed it to him and watched to see if he would be able to hold it still enough to eat it. He could this time, and although he seemed a little less eager to eat than she had expected, she was relieved to see that he seemed a little more alert once he had gotten some food into him. After a few minutes of silence, he put the empty bowl down on the nightstand and looked at her, his eyes full of confusion.

"Yuffie…" he finally said. "This morning, you were beside me when I woke up. But I don't remember how –"

"You were having a terrible nightmare, but I don't really know what it was about. You seemed really scared, and I couldn't just leave you to deal with that alone…" She felt a little guilty after that last statement, wishing she could have done more than just hold him while he suffered through it. "Once you had calmed down some, you just sorta curled up around me, so I stayed." Vincent turned a rich shade of scarlet and seemed to forget how to breathe for a second.

"I… I see. It's been a long time since I've had a nightmare bad enough for anyone to notice. Thank you, then, Yuffie."

"Any time." A disturbing thought occurred to him, and he suddenly paled and looked at her with wide eyes.

"Did I hurt you while you were trying to calm me?" he asked in a very small voice. He was terrified of what the answer would be; he knew just what those claws on his gauntlet could do to a body – it was what made them so useful in battle. Yuffie gasped, almost wanting to wrap her arms around him and cry. After all the things he had dealt with last night, the first thing he was worried about was whether she was okay?

"Oh, no, not at all! I'm totally fine!" she nearly shouted, hoping with all her heart that he would believe her and not trap himself in another net of guilt. Vincent smirked a little, then, realizing she was
dust a shelf if you're paying any attention at all. Why do I even bother repeating myself? You obviously haven't heard it the other fifty times I've said it. Why should that change now?"

"Angeal, I'm –"

"Don't," Angeal snapped, cutting Zack's apology short. "We're done cleaning for today, Zack; you can go home. I'm going to train. Alone," he added when Zack moved to follow him. The raven-haired boy flinched visibly, his eyes shining with hurt at the cold dismissal in his mentor's tone. Without another word, Angeal stormed out of the apartment, slamming the door hard enough to rattle some of the other objects still on the shelves in the living room. Zack turned around to begin cleaning up the broken glass, surprised to see Genesis already picking up the larger pieces with an uncharacteristically sad expression on his face.

"You really screwed up this time, Fair," he said quietly, holding up what had once been the ear on the monkey's-head plate.

"Why?" Zack almost shouted, kneeling down to help Genesis and not even noticing the small cuts he got on his knees for the effort. "What's so special about a little vase and a weird plate? They can't be that expensive, right? I'll just replace them!" Genesis shook his head, standing up to grab a broom once he had picked up the largest pieces of glass.

"It wasn't the cost that made these important, Zack," he said, staring at the younger man as if he was the biggest idiot in the world. "It was their sentimental value."

"Senti-what?" Zack asked, not familiar with the concept. There wasn't much about home he remembered particularly fondly, after all.

"Angeal's told you a little about his childhood in Banora, right? How his family was very poor and they always just barely had enough to get by?"

"Yeah…"

"Well, when we were both little children, Angeal overheard his mother talking to some of her friends about how she wished she could have new dishes in the kitchen, and how she hated that the worn-down and cracked ones were all they could afford. He wanted to help, but he was too proud even at ten years old to ask for money from my family. Instead, he saved up a little at a time by helping people out around town, doing odd jobs and yard work for them.

"When the travelling merchants visited Banora later that summer, he bought that bowl-shaped vase and that monkey plate. They were worth next to nothing, but they were all he could afford, and they were still 'dishes' in a way. His mother was so happy when he brought them home that she cried all over him. She kept them and used them every day for years, but she wanted him to take them here when he left for SOLDIER. He's kept them all this time because it reminds him of home, and of his mother."

"I had no idea…" Zack whispered, his hands shaking and his face pale. "I… I messed up something that important? Oh, gods, Genesis! What am I gonna do?! Angeal's never gonna forgive me!"

"I don't know about all that. He's a pretty forgiving guy."

But Zack wasn't listening anymore. The Gongagan boy had already dashed out of the room, clutching his wallet in his hands and praying that he could find another of those plates somewhere in Midgar before Angeal got back. Genesis rolled his eyes and resumed sweeping the floor.

"Too much energy…"

"Aww, c'moooon!" Zack muttered as he saw the words "sold out" under yet another auction site's listing of the plate. "Are you serious?! There has to be someone who still has a –" He froze, his hand on the mouse, as he stared at the last listing on the page. It was identical to the plate in Angeal's apartment, and listed for…

"Five thousand gil?! Are you kidding me?!" Zack shook his head, running his hands through his hair and making it spike up even more than usual, before he sighed and clicked on the link. "Well, I guess I'll just have to live on instant noodles for a while." He placed the order quickly, groaning when he saw that it would cost an extra five hundred gil for same-day delivery, and sat back in his chair, feeling suddenly exhausted. "Angeal had better be happy about this…"

When Angeal returned to his apartment that evening, he was beginning to feel that he had overreacted badly earlier that day. Zack had only been helping with the cleaning as a favor to Angeal, after all, and it was obvious that he was toughing out some miserable allergies just to help his mentor even though he didn't have to. Besides, how could Zack have known anything about the value of
investigate before – Ah!" He felt the mark of the contract begin to burn, and he could almost feel his master's distress through the symbol. Something was terribly wrong.

"Bassy? What's the matter, Darling?" Grell asked worriedly when Sebastian gasped and clutched his left hand to his body. The demon's eyes were wider than Grell had seen them in a long time, and before the reaper could ask anything further Sebastian bolted away at a sprint, his wings tearing through the old coat on his back as he leapt into the air. Grell tried to catch him but he wasn't fast enough, and before long he had lost sight of the demon completely. He stared in the direction Sebastian had gone for a few moments more, and then turned and started back to where his next soul was waiting to be reaped.

"Demons," he muttered with a small smile, baring his razor-sharp teeth. "You can never really understand what makes them tick. Hmm… Perhaps that's why they're so sexy? Well, Bassy, it was nice to see you again, even briefly. I hope that the next time we meet, neither of us is on-duty." Before long, the streets of London were empty once again, as if the demon and the Shinigami had never been there in the first place. The only trace of anyone's presence was a small slip of paper fluttering down the cobblestone street, baring its hourglass-shaped mark to the world before it too disappeared completely.


When Ciel opened his eyes again, he found himself alone in a dimly lit room, surrounded on all sides by moldy stone walls and rusty iron chains. He was lying on a stone table of sorts, stripped naked and covered with nothing but a thin white sheet. The only sounds in the room were the slow dripping of dirty water from the ceiling to the floor and the soft crackling of the torch on the opposite wall, which was so old and burnt-down it offered almost no light at all. Groaning quietly, Ciel tried to reach his right hand up to his sore head, only to find it held to the altar by a thick leather strap. He tested his other wrist and each of his ankles and found that they, too, had been tightly bound. A leather collar encircled his neck, holding his head back against the cold stone, and his heart began to race when he realized he was effectively trapped.


"Sebastian. Sebastian, where are you?" he whispered into the near-darkness, waiting for any sign that the butler was coming to rescue him. When the demon failed to appear, Ciel swallowed hard, panic beginning to make it difficult to breathe. "Sebastian! This is an order! Come here now!" A beat of silence followed, and then the door to the cold stone chamber swung open, creaking loudly on rusty hinges as the warped wood strained to fit through its frame. Ciel began to sigh in relief but stopped short, his heart leaping into his throat when he saw who had come into the room.


The man who had entered the small chamber did not say a word at first, merely staring coldly at Ciel as if waiting for the young boy to say something to him. He wore a long white silk robe, sparklingly clean despite the filthy conditions of the room around him. His face – or what little of it could be seen beneath the white mask that covered his eyes and nose – was expressionless, devoid of either compassion or fury, and the hair on the back of Ciel's neck stood on end at the sight. He knew this man's face. This man was the leader of the cult of human sacrifice that had tortured Ciel so many years ago – the very reason he had formed a contract with Sebastian in the first place!



"You!" Ciel hissed, his voice raspy as he tried to sit up and found the collar tightening uncomfortably around his throat. "Why are you here? Sebastian killed you! I saw him do it!"



The man smiled, a feline smirk that did not belong on a face like his, and chuckled mirthlessly.



"Did he now? Are you certain, little Earl Phantomhive?"



Ciel was certain his heart was going to stop beating any moment now. That voice, it couldn't be…



"S… Sebastian?"


"Yes, my lord," the demon hissed mockingly, giving an exaggerated bow before he strode over to the altar and spat in Ciel's face. He removed the white mask covering his eyes, and his face transformed into the familiar countenance of his butler; his red irises glowed brightly and his mouth was twisted into a sinister grin, all of his teeth bared in an expression of pure bloodlust. "Do you remember this place, boy? This is where you promised your soul to me, in exchange for my help in exacting your revenge. But something is wrong about this picture, I think. Well, now, let's see." Sebastian looked around the room slowly, appearing to be deep in thought. "Ah, yes,