glance before his gaze met with the boy in front him. The boy’s blue eyes blazed as he glared up at Dean and, if possible, he seemed to get broader under his jacket as he stated, his voice gravel rough, “I believe you parked in the wrong space. Please move your car.”

Dean gave him a cocky grin, knowing better than to take his eyes off his opponent, and said, “I didn’t see anyone’s name on it.”

With that, Dean pushed past the boy to merge with the crowd pouring towards the entrance, feeling the boy’s eyes on his back until the doors swung closed behind him. 

                                                                     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, Dean headed for his parking spot, slamming on the brakes when he saw the pale blue pickup truck already in his baby’s place. On the asphalt in front of it, scrawled in bright green paint, was ELIOT’S SPACE, the empty Howard’s Hardware bag lying crumpled by the tire indicating its recent purchase. Eliot was leaning against the fender, the can still in his hand, the yellow price tag declaring SALE $1.00. As Dean paused to glare at the vehicle taking his baby’s spot, a small smile tugged at Eliot’s mouth as he growled, “Got a name on it now, don’t it cowboy?”

Dean just gritted his teeth and planned a retaliatory shopping spree. 

                                                                    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eliot was already halfway across the parking lot when the final school bell rang, streams of students spilling out of every possible exit in a relentless wave. He hummed a little under his breath, smiling just a little when he saw his baby parked in her space, welcoming him with a sparkle off her windshield.

But when he got to the driver’s side door, his smile disappeared, melting into that all-too-familiar scowl. His steering wheel was now adorned with something new, The Club crossing its diameter a bright, neon yellow. On the seat was a happy face key ring, with what looked like over a hundred keys attached to the large metal hoop. Eliot paused, turning slowly to scan the parking lot in time to see Dean drive by and give him a cheerful wave as he pulled out into the street. With an angry huff, Eliot snatched the keys off the seat through the open window, the obnoxious smiling face twisting in his hand to reveal it’s optimistic message on the other side.

HAVE A NICE DAY! 

                                                                         ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Each day progressed with more wildly random purchases designed to drive each other crazy. There was the time Dean came out to find his car proudly bearing a semaphore message along its antennae. The fact that he was the only one in the parking lot, aside from a few Eagle Scouts, that could decode the rather rude sentiment meant very little. Then there was the day Dean filled the back of Eliot’s truck with little plastic balls in primary colors, like the ball pits at Chuck E. Cheese. Eliot retaliated by attaching a strip of neon pink tassels around Dean’s windshield, which caused a vein that Dean hadn’t known he had to throb mercilessly in his temple.

When his father finally raised an eyebrow at the strings of Mardi Gras beads and feather boas Dean came home with one afternoon, all Dean mumbled was “School project”, which seemed to settle the matter. Dean began to wonder if this Eliot kid was independently wealthy, because this revenge thing was an expensive business, and he’d had to double time on the pool hustling to supplement his meager allowance for all of these shopping sprees.

Events evolved to far more intricate levels of one-upmanship within the month. Dean adjusted Eliot’s truck horn to belt out “La Cucaracha”. Eliot’s response was more subtle; when Dean unlocked the Impala, a car alarm blared across the school parking lot for twenty minutes until Dean could find where Eliot had hidden the control box.

By this point everyone in school, except for the administration, knew about the Parking Space War, though even the teachers had begun to wonder what all the ruckus was after school every day. 

                                                                                  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The final straw came on a Wednesday.

Nothing heralded the moment. It was a beautiful, balmy spring day, the sky a brilliant cloudless blue. The students swarmed out of the building, their laughter bright and happy as a few hours of freedom beckoned.

A panicked voice shattered the idyllic scene. “Where’s my car?!”

Most immediately thought the high-pitched shriek belonged to a girl, but the wave of students that swept back revealed only an ashen faced Dean Winchester staring at the space where he had left his vehicle that morning, Eliot’s large, blue truck now taking up the spot.

A murmur of voices spilled out behind him, some latecomers laughing about a car parked in the middle of the football field out back, and Dean’s eyes zeroed in on Eliot leaning so smugly against the grille of his truck.

“You. Touched. My. Car.”

Eliot shrugged dismissively.

“You. Drove. My. Baby.”

Eliot looked unconcerned.

“You’
Sometimes, they would play a game as he loomed over her in the darkness.

He would blindly run his fingers over her skin, softly brushing across the smooth expanse of her forehead, down the bridge of her nose, tracing around her eyes and grazing his thumbs over her lips and the lines that bracketed her beautiful mouth.
He would try to guess her mood from the set of her face, faintly teasing suggestions of Irritation, Scorn, Annoyance, Disdain – he had once secretly bought a thesaurus to memorize new terms to give her, as her singular expressions conveyed such a variety of meanings, even if they usually led to the same root words – and the skin under his hands would smooth into something…other, and he knew, if she had the ability, she would be laughing.

As she curved around to the right, a riff of half-remembered music….

She looked so beautiful, even in her Fred guise, and surprised him by wearing the blue silk so he’d have that visual tie to Illyria.

They were undercover at a succubi hunting ground and spent the night dancing under the stars. She laughed gaily, enjoying the brush of air over the bare skin of her back and how the champagne tickled her nose. She demanded they keep dancing, surrounded by so many people, yet feeling so completely alone with each other.

She was entranced by the music, swaying softly on her feet when they stopped to take a breath, giving him the impression of a cobra undulating to the piper’s flute.

He was overcome with the need to keep her safe from the intrusion of the outside world into what they had made their own, the tiny corner of the universe they had carved out for themselves and claimed with their sweat and blood and tears.
He wondered what Illyria thought of the evening and asked her after they’d killed the creature, her black blood staining the garden path where they’d cornered the succubus. She told him it was quite bearable and he took her there on the soft grass under the stars, the blue silk of her discarded dress a luscious backdrop to the glowing color of her eyes and hair because, in her unique dialect, that meant she enjoyed every minute and he wanted that feeling to be burned into their memories forever.

He shifted his position and her movement brushed lightly over the top of his skull, bringing with it the soft scent of the sea and the taste of salt on his tongue.

They went to the beach – a random day off that they rarely ever took. She claimed that while she had seen the ocean and disposed of the bodies of her defeated in it eons past, she had never seen any other purpose to it except as a useful barrier to keep others from attacking her stronghold. It used to teem with sharp-toothed leviathans at her beck and call, she told him, who would come to rend and tear any who dared set foot in its waters and would twine about her like overeager puppies, paying homage to their master.

He made her immerse herself in it, pulling her in until she was up to her thighs in the cold, salty water. When nothing coiled around her, she relaxed, gracefully gliding through the water as if it weren’t even there to block her way, not even struggling with the waves as she walked hip-deep along the shoreline. He laughed and rubbed sunblock onto her flesh so that her soft Fred-skin wouldn’t be burned. They spent the day lounging on the beach and playing in the water, sand plastered to their sea and sweat-dampened skin, sorting shells into piles that she dubbed Uselessly Pretty or Potential Weapon.

She hadn’t wanted to leave even as the sun began to extinguish itself in the water, the raw call of the wild power of the sea far too intoxicating to deny. She paced erratically along the water’s edge, the now bone-chill water lapping at their toes as he tried to pull her away, feeling a frisson of something like dread curl along his spine. She kept telling him that she had controlled all of it once, all of the earth and sea and sky, that its power had been hers – could he feel it? She could sense it humming in her bones, she told him. She grabbed onto his arm, mentally pushing at the bond that tied them together, and then he could feel it – the pleading call of…something begging mutely, Come back to us. We were made to serve you.

She cried silently then – a single tear leaking from her mocha colored eyes. She looked shocked at the liquid on her fingertips and asked him why it was so. He told her he didn’t know and, despite being human, felt a surge of pity for the former Demon-God who had lost everything that had made her what she was. He finally understood how truly alike they were – two creatures set adrift to find their own course with absolutely no direction but their own stubbornness.

He enclosed her in his arms, murmuring nonsensical apologies against her wind-blown hair for bringing her here and she said something that she
is strong - for a human.

He still bruises and cuts and bleeds…as they all do. His blood is just as red and salty, his skin so easily torn – but he has an intensity that is rarely seen down here in the regions born of agony and torment.

Even when they strip the flesh from his bones with strands of razor wire, still he tries to fight – fists clenched and teeth bared, like a cornered animal.

But his eyes are sharp, calculating – he is a trapped creature seeking a tactical advantage, a way to use what he has on hand to escape, to cause as much pain in return as he can before falling, and fall he will….

Even he knows that much.

Scenarios and procedures flash behind his shuttered gaze, keep him distracted from the hurt as he works his way through what plans he has concocted, trying to determine a way out, a way to be free - if only for a moment.

At least, that is what he is like in the beginning.

His agony is delicious to those who dwell here. Few have tasted such a vintage – flavored with the sweetness of love and regret, as well as the tartness of guilt and jealousy. He is an intriguing well of despair and ineffective rage – it is compelling to see the subtle shift in his stance that indicates how he plans to face the day’s onslaught.

On the edges of sight, hidden in the darkest shadows, creatures feed on his misery; they grow fat and sated as he attempts to silently withstand their ministrations. Others lap tiny reptile tongues at the gathering pools of pain and blood, shreds of his discarded human flesh caught in their claws and teeth.

It takes so very long to break him. Waiting with the growing hordes of spectators, it is difficult for some to ensure a front row seat. Word of the encroaching breach brings even the lowest denizens up for a breath of the chamber’s fetid air.

It is mesmerizing when it happens – to see the embers of hope dying in the depths of his eyes. His body goes slack as the life leaves him – not the physical thing of pounding heart and beating pulse, but that which defines mortals by their pure will to merely exist.

So alluring - such a magnificent, broken mortal man.

He wears his suffering like the fabled crown of thorns, shoulders held back and spine stiff – for he will not bow to anything - but head hanging low, as if the weight of his remorse is too much for even him to bear.

When he looks at me through his haze of pain and anguish, he does not see the sweet human girl he loves. He does not see the Demon-God tainted and brought low by her useless husk.

He sees…nothing.

That is something new.

It is a relief from the burden of being Illyria the Old One…of being Illyria the shell.

Of not being her.

He is burdened just the same. Nearly every night for those first few months, into the gathering shadows as the flames die down and he is left to bleed out slowly, he names it – the sound sinking into the blood pooled at his feet as his skin goes slack and gray.

His burden is blonde and beautiful and perfect – that is what his endless rhythmic murmuring reveals. Its name is Mary.

A woman burdens us both.

The shell’s polluting essence is my burden. Existence without its weight is impossible. It is the cost of resurrection.

His lies somewhere inside, coiling around his heart like a strangling weed intent on killing its host – a parasitical construct of emotion and memory – a useless human constraint.

They tear out his heart looking for signs of it, yelping like eager dogs as the blood spurts from his chest, and lap noisily at the splatters that spray across their faces. They shred that small sac of muscle until there is nothing - less than a handful of bloody paste that spreads so thinly over the stone table. Ordering them to go deeper, to pull out more does nothing to reveal it – it remains ever elusive as the blood soaks into the cracks of my armor, his innards tenaciously tangling into useless heaps upon the floor.

Showing him its absence does not help, his eyes gone empty and dull; he is lost somewhere inside, following the slimy, incandescent trails of his own memory, too far gone to transmit the images of that barren cavity devoid of any affliction – of the proof he has nothing left to carry. Proof that it is time to let go.

He proves stubbornly resistant to any attempts to guide his learning.

His burden lies entrenched where no one can reach, while mine is literally only skin deep.

How many decades of ripping him apart will it take to find where it might be hidden? How many centuries to show him there is nothing there at all?

How many millennia until he understands?

Watching, waiting…curious to see when it might happen – such a puzzle, this mortal – that is when Lucifer’s call comes. It is difficult to leave, wondering if this might be the day.

And it is – for us both.
. His chocolate hair fell messily over his eyes, hiding them from Jessica’s view, but his dimples flashed teasingly as he chatted with his date. His hand came up to rest on the girl’s hip, her blue chiffon skirt crumpling beneath his palm, and he cupped her face with the other, leaning in to brush his lips over her cheek.

Jessica growled, fangs elongating as she watched, and the desire to feed tore at her insides.

That should be hers. All of this should have been hers.

The boy leaned back, whispering something that made the girl giggle, and Jessica felt a viscous dampness oozing down her cheek. She furrowed her brow at the sensation, reaching up to brush the offending tear from her skin and leaving a soft smear of pink decorating the curve of her cheekbone. Jessica studied the blood on her fingers dispassionately, before wiping the wetness off on her dress and refocusing on the couple.

If things had been different, that would be her in his arms, at the prom, looking towards a future far away from her parents. Now she was stuck at seventeen, a child forever, under Bill’s thumb for as long as she existed.

And she would never – could never - have anything like this. Not anymore.

The boy was playing idly with the girl’s hair, twisting the loose strands around his fingers as they continued chatting in the parking lot. The girl’s hair was more mousy brown than red, the dark copper strands barely discernible even in the bright light from the outdoor lamps, and Jessica felt a simmering surge of satisfaction that at least she was prettier than this human.

If she had been there, she was sure that the boy would be looking at the way her hair glowed in the lights spilling from the gym – a harlot’s hair, her daddy would shout, frowning at her whenever she wore it free falling down her back.

A woman’s crowning glory, her momma would whisper later, when Jessica finally stopped crying and her momma would sneak her an icepack for the bruises.

Her dress would be much nicer, Jessica imagined, maybe green or lilac or even scarlet red, something that would grab his attention and keep him pinned to her, not like that babyish pastel blue the girl had chosen instead. And she and the boy would dance all night long, wrapped around each other until the sun came up, and her daddy wouldn’t dare say a thing about it.

Another giggle brought her attention back to the couple, and the girl took a step away, calling out, “Sorry, Sam. But I have to go. I promised Sally that I’d take her home if Mike ditched.”

The beautiful boy – Sam – just smiled that dimpled smile, and straightened to his full height as he said, “Are you sure you don’t want me to drive you home?”

The girl shook her head. “My papa’s comin’ to pick us up. I’ll see you in class on Monday?”

“Yeah…sure,” Sam agreed with another smile, and the girl ran off into the gym, leaving him propped up against the smooth side of a black car, his eyes still hidden by the shadows cast from the lights overhead.

Jessica’s hands clenched into fists once more. She would never have a boy offer to take her home after a dance, and walk her to her door, where they’d nervously wait to see if her daddy had heard them before the boy dared to sneak a kiss. Bill had made sure of that.

Jessica continued to watch him, and when he turned to go back into the dance, her breath caught at the thought of his leaving. For a moment she was surprised that she had been breathing at all, the sensation so foreign these days, even with as automatic as it had once been. She stumbled out from the darkness, her flat-soled shoes tapping on the asphalt, and the boy turned towards her, catching her against his broad chest.

She didn’t need to feign the tremble in her voice, the scent of him spiking her desire to taste. She turned her face away to hide her fangs, ashamed at her loss of control.

He took it as fear, and he shushed her softly as he asked with an agitated harshness to his voice, “Is that blood? Are you OK?” She felt his thumb slide over her cheek, where her traitorous tear was drying to a sticky paste upon her skin, and ducked her head to keep out of the heavy light.

Jessica flashed back to what she had heard, and said shakily, “My boyfriend….”

She trailed off, and she felt his muscles tense beneath his shirt. “Did he hurt you?” the boy demanded.

“N-no…it was an accident. But…can you take me home?” She shifted so that his larger frame would shadow her features, and glanced upward, eyes wide and innocent. “Please?” She put the force of her will behind her plea, and saw his gaze go unfocused for a moment
It was the last few days of school before winter break, and even though practice had been cancelled, the glee club was hanging out in the band room, talking about their up-coming plans for the holidays.

“I can’t believe our parents agreed to let us rent your ski cabin for the whole two weeks!” Mercedes said enthusiastically, smiling in Rachel’s direction.

“My dad’s a realtor, and when the sale fell through on this property his company is overseeing, the owners felt that renting it out would bring more income than letting it sit for the holidays.”

“Your dad got us a really good deal,” Quinn said.

Finn scooted forward in his seat, adding, “I can’t believe it only cost us $100 a piece to get it for that long.”

“You know, just because you happened to make this Christmas less boring doesn’t mean we like you,” Santana pointed out, and her gaze skirted to Brittany. “But we won’t short sheet your bed for at least the first week.”

“But expect to be locked outside in your underwear.” When Santana glared at her, Brittany blinked slowly. “What? It’s true.”

“Thank you for the warning,” Rachel said. “I’ll be sure to pack thermals.” She tossed Finn a dazzling smile as she added, “I’m just glad Finn’s mom and Kurt’s dad could chaperone.”

“Don’t remind me,” Kurt groaned. Finn looked just as uncomfortable at the reminder.

“Just think of all the snow bunnies,” Puck practically purred. “Just waiting to be warmed up by the maestro’s hands.” He wiggled his fingers in front of his chest, as if stretching them out for the long haul.

“I’m sorry you can’t make it,” Tina whispered loudly to Artie. “It won’t be the same without you.” But at Mercedes' excited call from across the room, she gave Artie a quick kiss on the cheek and ran over to talk with the girls about what clothes to bring for their ski trip. The rest of the guys clustered nearby, planning on who would pack the beer and wine coolers in their suitcase.

Artie looked at the tall, skinny boy sitting nearby, and gave him a sheepish smile. “I’m sure they’re sorry you couldn’t go, too, Sam.”

“Nah, it’s OK,” Sam shrugged, averting his eyes from the excited groups of students talking about the upcoming holiday. “My dad would think it’s a waste of time, anyway.”

“Yeah,” Artie agreed, staring wistfully over at the group. “I looked at the specs and there wouldn’t be much point. I can’t ski….” He snorted, and glanced down at his legs, his hands gripping the wheels of his chair tightly before looking up at Sam once more. “And the cabin’s not handicap accessible.” He turned his gaze fully to Sam, his nose wrinkling. “The only bathroom is on the second floor. Who designs a house like that? It’s no wonder no one wants to buy it.”

Sam laughed, surprised by Artie’s sarcastic observation. “And can you imagine six girls trying to get ready in the morning with only one bathroom? It’s bad enough trying to share one with my dad and my brother.”

Archie grinned, playing out the scene in his head, before refocusing on Sam. “So, what's your family going to do for Christmas?”

“Um…” Sam reached up and rubbed his hand along the back of his neck, his eyes falling to his lap. “Actually, they’re going to be out of town on business.”

Artie wheeled his chair nearer and asked in disbelief, “You’re going to be alone on Christmas?!”

Sam shrugged again, his cheeks burning a faint pink as his eyes skittered everywhere but Artie’s direction. “It happens all the time. I can take care of myself.”

“Not on Christmas.” Artie leaned forward, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “How about you spend Christmas break with me? We’ll show those losers how to have a good time without all the…y’know, skiing and stuff. We can watch Spinal Tap and play some Guitar Hero.” Artie’s smile grew proud as he sat back and straightened his shoulders. “I kick ass at Aerosmith.” At Sam’s reluctant expression, he reassured him, “My parents won’t care. They like to know my friends aren't imaginary.”

Sam studied Artie’s face before a smile spread over his own, dimples bracketing his mouth. “Sure, why not? It’d be nice to see what a normal Christmas is like.”

“Normal?” Artie questioned, returning the smile. “More like awesome.”
most of the class rolled their eyes or leaned over to giggle with their seatmates. “Now introduce yourself. Pretend you’re at a little soiree in a French salon, discussing art and politics with Auguste Rodin and…some other French sculptor.” Mr. Ryerson waved his hand limply by his ear and crossed his arms over his chest, his pale pink tennis sweater draped loosely on one shoulder.

The boy frowned in the teacher’s direction and took a tentative seat on the stool in the middle of the circle of tables, his eyes cutting from student to student as if assessing them as a potential threat. “I’m Dean Winchester. This is supposed to be my free period, but the Nazi regime that runs this place decided I needed to ‘use my time to better advantage’, so I’m here instead.” He looked at the teacher with a smirk. “That it?”

“Fine, fine…now take off your jacket.”

Dean slowly slipped his jacket from his shoulders, revealing a plaid flannel shirt buttoned over what looked to be a black T-shirt beneath. The teacher huffed his breath in frustration.

“How many layers are you wearing?!” Mr. Ryerson demanded, his voice rising with obvious annoyance.

“Enough to keep my virtue intact,” Dean told him with a grin. This time, it was one of the girls who guffawed.

“It’s no matter; take off the button down.”

Dean hesitated, before he caught the eye of one of the cheerleaders sitting to the side. He shifted in his seat to face her direction as he slipped the shirt off his shoulders with a sultry smile, and tossed the shirt in a heap with his jacket.

He was left draped on the stool, one long, lean leg bracing the bulk of his weight on the seat. His jeans were snug enough to show the curves of his thigh and a teasing suggestion of what lay hidden beneath the denim covering his lap, but the T-shirt was somehow even more obscene. The tight black fabric was almost sheer from multiple washings, so much so that Kurt thought he could discern the faintest circles of nipple on the defined muscles of Dean Winchester’s pecs.

“Shouldn’t the T-shirt come off, too?” Santana pointed out with a smirk. “We’re supposed to be learning how to sculpt muscle groups.”

Dean glanced at Mr. Ryerson over his shoulder, and said, “I lose another layer and you’ll have to pay me the fifty bucks.”

“Tell that to your clientele when you fail to graduate, Mr. Winchester. Principal Figgins expects a full report as to your cooperation with this endeavor.”

Dean shrugged and turned to give Santana a friendly leer. “I’ll give you a private lesson later if you want, sweetheart.”

“Like I haven’t seen it before,” she scoffed, rolling her eyes at Quinn seated nearby.

Mr. Ryerson interjected, “Yes, Santana, he should be shirtless, but it was made quite clear by administration that I can’t ask a student to disrobe down to skin or underwear.” The teacher gave another huff of frustration as the class snickered. “Those cretins on the school board just don’t understand what makes art.”

Kurt stared wide-eyed at the boy sitting in front of him, almost dizzy with want. He couldn’t believe he was finally in the same room as his crush, who looked like some debauched sex god in need of a velvet settee.

Maybe he would suggest that to Mr. Ryserson for the next class.

“Alright, Mr. Winchseter, lean back slightly and try to keep your eyes gazing adoringly towards the ceiling, like God is hovering on a marshmallow cloud overhead….” Mr. Ryerson waved his hands in the air as he described the scene, ignoring Dean’s look of disbelief as he arched his eyebrow in the teacher’s direction. “…and little baby angels are fluttering around you, singing Celine Dion’s greatest hits.”

“Are you nuts?” Dean asked, reluctantly moving into position.

“Like Picasso!” the art teacher stated with a smile. “Now arch your back….”

Dean bowed his back, thrusting his chest out in a parody of a Playboy pose, and pursed his lips in a pronounced pout.

“No, we are not re-enacting scenes from Debbie Does Dallas - try to make it look less like pornography and more like art.”

Dean’s pose relaxed into something more normal, but Mr. Ryerson didn’t stop barking out directions.

“Now flex – flex! We need to be able to see the delineated muscle groups through your shirt.” Dean shifted once more, and Mr. Ryerson groaned, covering his eyes with his hand. “Dear baby Brangelina,” Mr. Ryerson muttered, “you are absolutely hopeless. As a Barbizon graduate, I can assure you that you have no future in modeling.”

“There go my plans for after high school,” Dean said with affected disappointment.

“Now freeze.”

From his assigned seat, Kurt was gifted with Dean’s profile. He traced the
nature or fate, or some microscopic germ I will never understand.”

She dragged the blanket from his shivering skin. “You appear particularly robust, but nevertheless can be felled by a simple drop in temperature. If our bond had not ensured your longevity, I would feel compelled to hunt down that wizened old crone that calls herself Fate and threaten to tear her spine out through her nose if the hag did not willingly cede control of your lifeline to me.”

John laughed, grinning at her teasingly. “Awww, I knew ya loved me.” He shakily stepped into the water with a soft hiss of discomfort. As he settled into the warm bath, he grabbed her hand, tugging on it playfully. “You comin’ in? Make sure I’m warm enough?”

“To make sure you do not drown,” Illyria replied, her blood-dark armor melting from her lithe frame as she stepped into the tub and slid in behind him.

John leaned back against her chest with a contented sigh, draping his arms along her legs like he was resting in an easy chair. “You know,” he said, his voice rumbling contentedly deep in his chest as the warmth of the water seeped into his aching muscles, “the one thing I miss about Hell – and I never thought I’d miss anything - is the climate. I haven’t been properly warm since we left.”

“You will not find temperatures similar to those environs anywhere on any planet that is livable,” Illyria agreed. “Unless you wish to reside in the middle of a volcano.” She tilted her head to the side, considering. “I would not recommend it.”

“El Azizia came close.” John gave another sigh of satisfaction, wriggling his back against her as he made himself more comfortable in the water, sliding his arms around her legs and absently rubbing his hands along her shins. “This is a sort of vacation for us. No hunting possible for over a year; we’ll be able to just kick back and relax.”

“However will you manage?” Illyria asked, amusement coloring her tone. “You go a few days without hunting something and you turn into an unpleasant pain in my backside.”

“Ass, Illyria,” John replied dryly. “It’s ass and thank you so very much.”

“You are welcome. It shows personal growth that you have learned to accept your flaws,” Illyria replied, her intonation suggesting she might be laughing at him on the inside. She idly wiped a cloth over his lightly furred chest with one hand, surreptitiously checking for frostbite or nerve damage by running her fingers over his extremities with the other.

John began to fidget more restlessly at the feel of her wandering hands, her ministrations managing to wake him up in every respect. “You’d make a good nurse,” he commented huskily, grabbing one of her hands as it wandered over his belly and guiding it lower to brush over his swollen dick bobbing beneath the water.

“I see that your circulation has improved since your last detailed report on the status of your equipment,” Illyria said, softly mocking. “And I am not shifting into costume while bathing,” she told him as she gripped him firmly in her hand. “It is too constricting, as I have told you before.”

John groaned softly at her touch, unable to formulate a response to her teasing tone. Instead, he turned to nuzzle at the column of her throat, rubbing the rough bristles of his unshaven skin against the soft spot under her ear as she stroked him, running her fingers expertly over the ridge along the head.

Decades upon decades of practice had made Illyria an absolute savant when it came to John’s penis, granting her the skill to draw out his release or speed it up as the situation demanded. This situation demanded that he rest soon to regain his strength, so with a quick twist of her wrist he came, his body tightening against hers as pleasure sapped what little energy he had reserved.

John knew that Illyria reveled in this tiny power that she had over him – of course, it wasn’t opening portals to various dimensions or altering time, but it satisfied her need for control in a universe that had stripped her of nearly everything else. It was a gentle conquering, a pillaging of the senses, an erotic plundering of nerves and flesh and sensations.

John had once told her it might be love, but having never had the capacity or motivation to investigate the concept before, she had to take his word on the matter. Sometimes, a glimmer that she might understand what he meant peeked through the cold blue of her gaze. She would mention to him her disappointment in this human defect that plagued her in this shell, and John would laugh in that deep, slow way and cup her face in his hands, kissing her softly on the temple or the corner of her mouth, disturbing her equanimity. She would stoically tell him that this was a serious matter and he should show appropriate commiseration; John would school his features to something properly solemn and offer to rend his garments and to cut his hair to show his grief over