sat down on the ground and pulled out his phone.  Well, JJ could take a hint.  Whoever this kid was, he wasn’t going to force him to talk.

 

JJ told his family over breakfast the next day about his odd dream.  They didn’t understand.  “Why wouldn’t he even tell you his name?” Andrée asked.

“What if he changes his mind between now and whenever he turns eighteen?” Nathalie fretted.  “What kind of person does that?”

“He was a kid,” JJ said.  He smirked a little.  Defending his soulmate from his family already.  Not exactly how he’d expected this to go.  “He seemed to think I might figure it out, so probably he’s either a skater or he lives around here.”

“What will you do if you find him?” Cécile poured herself some more orange juice.

“Tell him, of course.  Introduce himself and tell him.”  Alain raised an eyebrow at JJ.  “Right?”

“No!  Are you crazy?”  JJ stared at his dad in shock.  “He knows who I am and he doesn’t like me right now.  Before I tell him, I’d like to change that so that maybe when I do tell him he’s receptive to it!”

“So you are going to be looking for him,” Nathalie said.

“Yes.  I’m looking.”  JJ finished off his eggs.  “Not quite sure what I’ll do when I find him, but I’m going to look.”

 

It took longer than he’d have thought.  It was over a year later, at Skate Canada, when he met his soulmate.  “Well.  That’s annoying.”

“You’re annoying.”

JJ’s first thought was to ask Otabek for help.  Otabek was sort of a friend, and if anyone knew how to get Yuri Plisetsky to like him, it would be Otabek.  On the other hand, Otabek was half in love with the kid.  He was not going to be happy to learn that JJ was Yuri’s soulmate.  He’d also barely talked to JJ since he moved back to Kazakhstan, which seemed weird, now that he thought about it.

“Hey, Beks.”  If nothing else, at least Otabek would know and have some time to get used to it before his dream.  His birthday was coming up soon, JJ suddenly remembered.  He’d be eighteen.  “Happy birthday!”

“Hi, JJ.”  Otabek sounded a little weird.  “How’s Canada?”

“It’s good!  Congrats on America… silver’s not bad.”

“It’s also not gold.  What do you want?”

“I can’t just want to talk to my friend?”

“You can, but I don’t buy that that’s what this is.”

“Okay.  I found my soulmate.”

“Yeah, figured you would.  Even you aren’t that dense.”

“Huh?”

“Yuri.  You and Yuri Plisetsky are soulmates.”

“You knew?  And you didn’t tell me earlier?”

“Yes.”

“Why not?”

“Because if he wanted you to know who he was, he’d have told you himself.”

“How long have you known?”

“Pretty much all along.  It didn’t take me long to connect what you told me about your soulmate to what I knew about Yuri.”

JJ sighed.  “Any advice for how to deal with him?  I don’t know why he hates me so much, but he does.  I think it’s worse now than it was in the dream.”

“You make it sound like I actually know him.  I don’t.  If it makes you feel any better, I’m not entirely convinced he likes anyone but his grandfather.”

“Heh.  Call me after your dream, let me know how it goes?”

“Yeah.  I’ll do that.”

 

Otabek’s call did not bring JJ the news he was hoping for.  Otabek had a soulmate who was not Yuri.  He promised to help JJ out, in exchange for favors to be specified at a later time.  JJ agreed readily.  Otabek was a good guy.

He got a good laugh out of the headlines that the Hero of Kazakhstan had kidnapped himself a Russian Fairy.  It wasn’t exactly a kidnapping, JJ was sure.  He didn’t know exactly what had happened, but he was sure it wasn’t a kidnapping.

The short program meltdown was inexcusable.  That was the worst JJ had ever skated in his life.  So when Yuri stomped up to him afterward, he braced himself.  This was going to suck.

“Hey.  What the hell was that?”

“I don’t know.  Congratulations on your world record.”

“Beka tells me you’re my soulmate.”

“Beka?”  That was Otabek.  Straight to the point.  Well, he had promised to help, and if Otabek thought this was the way to do it...

Yuri stared at him with a horrified look of how are you
His first fiancé, Isabella, had run off for reasons no one had ever explained.  Nobody thought very highly of Jean-Jacques, not in the Crispinos’ area.

They didn’t stay in Sara’s room long.  Years ago, Michele had discovered a locked room above Sara’s in the tower that he could just hoist himself up to with a good jump, and he rigged up a rope ladder that would allow Sara to climb up to it as well.  They shared the room with bats, although the bats would be gone in the hour just after sunset.  They couldn’t get a bed up there, but they’d gotten a large hammock that they could tie between the wooden support beams.

They curled up together in the hammock now.  Sara curled into Michele’s arms and let the tears flow.  “If I just stay up here forever, do you think you could smuggle me enough food, Mickey?”

Michele stroked his sister’s hair.  He wished so hard that it would be practical.  “I can try, Sara, but eventually Mamma and Pappa would notice and find you.  If you want me to protect you from them, you know I will.”

“I know.”  Sara sniffled and wiped her eyes.  “Eventually I’d get so sick of being caged I’d resent it, and resent you, too, probably.  I can’t bear the thought of coming to hate you.  Even marrying Jean-Jacques is better than hating you.”

Michele didn’t bother trying to hide the shudder.  The idea of Sara hating him hurt worse than the thought of losing her.

 

They spent the night together in the hammock, holding on to each other.  In the morning, they snuck back down to Sara’s room, Michele over to his own to get cleaned up and changed and ready to face their parents.  To their surprise, Jean-Jacques was there already.  This, they had not expected, and Sara shuffled a little closer to Michele.

“Sara!  Michele!  There you are!”  Jean-Jacques approached them and bowed deeply.  “Your parents were worried!”

Michele bowed back, gritting his teeth.  Sara curtsied.  “I’m sorry, Mamma, Pappa.  I didn’t know to expect Jean-Jacques here so soon.”

“No, we didn’t get the chance to tell you.  Now that you know he’s here, why don’t you go back to your room and pack your things?  I’m sure Jean-Jacques is eager to get underway soon.  You too, Michele, sweetheart.”

“Me too?”  Michele exchanged a glance with Sara.  “I’m to go with her?”

“You didn’t think we’d send Sara alone, did you, silly boy?”

Jean-Jacques boomed out a laugh.  “Especially after the reason Isabella left!  She was lonely, missed her people, so I let her go.  No one ever believes that it was simple homesickness, or that I let her leave, but that really is all there was to it.  I’m hoping that with you coming too, Sara will miss home enough less to not wish to leave me.”

 

They left the next day.  Jean-Jacques had a carriage for the three of them.  Michele and Sara sat close together, across from Jean-Jacques.  “Now I’m sure you don’t believe the pretty lies I told your parents, do you.”

Michele squeezed Sara’s hands.  “No.  I think we deserve the truth, don’t you?”

“Likely.  Isabella ran off because she caught me cheating on her.  Oddly enough, she ran off with the man I was sleeping with, but that’s beside the point.  Even more oddly, she settled into a relationship with him and his new boyfriend, last I heard…”

Michele cleared his throat.  “Are we here to talk about Isabella, or are you going to tell us what your pretty lies really mean for the two of us?”

“Oh, right!  Well.  A man of my position needs to have a respectable wife, preferably beautiful, and lovely Sara here fits the bill, does she not?  But you see, my interests skew far more toward men.  So when I heard about the two of you, it seemed perfect.”

Michele and Sara looked at each other.  Michele had no idea what to say to that.  Jean-Jacques was marrying Sara, but it sounded like it was Michele who would be expected to share his bed.  He’d been so focused on Sara he never even stopped to consider whether he was interested in men, so he didn’t understand how he and Sara supposed to be perfect.  “Explain.”

“Well, everyone says the two of you are close.  Much closer than most siblings.  Michele, you’ll have your pick of my sisters for a wife, if you want one, but there’s no obligation.”

“What exactly does that mean, we’re close?” Sara asked, pulling her hands away from
– he wouldn’t medal, but he hadn’t expected to – he got changed and went to find Anya.  He found her.  Hiding in a corner with her clothes half off with some other guy in a similar state.  Anya met his eyes and didn’t even have the grace to look embarrassed or apologetic.

Georgi left.  He had no idea where he was headed.  He wasn’t paying attention to where he was going, either.  When he bumped into someone, he looked up.  Christophe took one look at him and took his hand to lead him to another secluded corner, where he made Georgi sit on the floor leaning on Chris’s shoulder.  “It happened?”

“She cheated.  I don’t even know if it’s her soulmate, but she could have at least told me.”

“After all this time?  I wonder why now?”

Georgi shook his head.  “I don’t know.  She never really told me anything about him.  Maybe he was dating someone else, and that ended?”

“That would be a rather amusingly long chain of breakups.”

“I know.  It’s just easier to think that than to wonder if she’s been cheating on me this whole time.”

Chris kissed the top of Georgi’s head.  “I’m so sorry.”

“Do you… are you seeing anyone at the moment?”

“No.  Good timing, I suppose… things with Stefan fell apart a few days ago.”

“I’m sorry to hear that.”  He'd never minded watching Christophe date someone else, and Georgi didn't see any reason to change that just because he'd lost Anya.  For all he knew, Christophe hadn't come to talk to him because he didn't want to be tied down.

Chris shrugged.  “It was going to happen eventually.  I know you truly loved Anya, but all of mine have been good times that were never meant to last.  Killing time waiting for a younger soulmate, revenge on someone for cheating, rebound after someone’s lost their soulmate or their love.  There were a couple times where Viktor nearly killed me.”

“Viktor and I used to be pretty good friends, but since you turned eighteen, he’s been distant.  I think he hates me now, just deals with me because we’re rinkmates.”

“Well he can get over it.  I never minded.”

“Thank you for being here for me.  This was never fair to you.”

“Yes it was.  I’ve been having a lot of fun.  Once you’ve had time to process and work through this, if I don’t get to be first in line, then you’re not being fair.”

“Why not now?”

“Because I’ve been a rebound and a revenge fuck.  Neither of those ever lasts more than a few weeks.  Which was perfect with them, but not with you.  If you want one, I can point you at a couple good candidates.  Do you know Emily Landon?”

“The British ladies’ skater?”

“Yeah.  Her soulmate is… fifteen now?  Can’t speak personally to whether she’s any good in bed, but she’s a sweet girl and everyone I’ve talked to says she’s great.  I know she’s not dating anyone, as of when I talked to her last night at the bar.”

“Is there a reason you’re recommending her over someone you can talk about from personal experience?”  Not that Georgi intended to do anything anyway, but he was curious.

Chris shrugged.  “I’ve only ever been with guys.”

Georgi sat up, staring at Chris to try to figure out if he was serious.  “Christophe, you’re my soulmate.  Last I checked, you’re a guy.”

“Something you were definitely not comfortable with seven years ago.  Has that changed?”

Huh.  Now that Chris mentioned it… “Yes, it has.  Well, sort of.  I mean… you… but I don’t know about…”

“See?  That’s why.”

“It’s appreciated, but… I don’t think it will help me.  I just need to work through this on my own.”

“Fair enough.  I’m here if you need a friendly shoulder or ear.”

 

Working through it meant pouring everything he was feeling into his program for the next season.  Georgi ignored Viktor’s taunting – Viktor was very upset about missing another season, and while channeling his desire to skate into coaching Yuuri for the season was helping, it was clear that he wanted to be on the ice himself.

At the Cup of China, skating against Yuuri, Chris, and some kids, Georgi’s short program went very well.  Afterwards, he and Chris met up to talk over drinks.  Chris had a warning for him.  “I don’t know what she’s doing, but Anya’s here.  I know she’s not here to compete, but she was in
have to bring him a medal.  He won’t care, but it will make me feel less guilty.”

 

The three of them stayed with Yuuri, doing their best to distract him, until Mari called again three hours later.  Yuuri listened without a word, thanked Mari, and then burst into tears again, this time leaning on Viktor’s shoulder.  Viktor was still very awkward, but this time he wasn’t quite as helpless.  He brought his arm up around Yuuri and held him tight.

Phichit was bracing himself for the worst, but Yuuri was smiling when he looked up.  “Vicchan’s going to make it.  It was very close, but they managed to save him.  I’m still going home – Mari said that when she told him I was coming it seemed to perk him up a bit – but he’ll be there when I go.”

“I wish I could go with you,” Viktor said.  “Yakov would never allow it, not with Nationals coming up so soon, but at least you’ll get to see Vicchan.”

“It’s okay.  I’ll tell him all about you and Makkachin and how you’re coming out in April.”


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Thanks to Viktor and Phichit’s support, Yuuri wasn’t as bad as he could have been when he took the ice.  JJ, Bin, and Michele had all done reasonably well, but if Yuuri could just land the salchow, he had a good shot at keeping his medal.  As he started the leadup, he reminded himself that Viktor had told him how to do it.  If Viktor said he could do it, then he probably knew what he was talking about.  He landed it for Vicchan.

Celestino gave him a giant hug when he came off the ice.  “Yuuri, that was great!  Viktor’s advice helped, didn’t it?”

“Yeah.  It did.”  Yuuri smiled and waited for the score.  It popped up to put him in first - he was getting a medal.

As they walked out of the Kiss and Cry, Celestino had something he wanted to talk to Yuuri about.  “If I make a suggestion, will you promise to listen to it seriously and not immediately dismiss it as impossible?”

When had he ever not listened to Celestino's suggestions?  Aside from when Celestino was obviously messing with him, like suggesting that he should try to talk to Viktor at Worlds last year.  He'd managed to stay out of Viktor's way, then.  “Sure.  Whatever you say.”

“I think you should ask Viktor to choreograph your programs for next season.  It’s a little unusual, but somehow, I think Viktor would love the chance to surprise everyone.”

“What?  Why would Viktor do that?”  Viktor may, for some reason, like hanging out with him, and watching him skate, but help him?

“Because Viktor likes you.  And you, who’s more likely to give you a program that can beat Viktor than Viktor?  I talked to Yakov, and Yakov’s agreed that if Viktor wants to do it, he can.”

“Me?  Beat Viktor?  You think I can do that?”  He'd always dreamed of it, just like every other skater of his generation.  He believed he could do it - if he could just stop his tendency to melt down under pressure.  He'd never admitted to it, though.

“I do think so.  You're good enough, if you can land your jumps.”

“Why would Viktor want to help me beat him?”

“Like I said, Viktor likes you.  I think he’d love to see you skating up to your potential, and if he can figure out how to unlock that I think he’d enjoy the challenge.”

“Why would Yakov agree to let him help me beat him?”

Celestino stopped walking, causing Yuuri to stop and turn to look at him.  “He’s worried about Viktor.  How long has it been since he’s lost anything?  How long has he held the world records and watched no one even come close?  Everyone expects him to be brilliant, everyone expects him to win, and Yakov’s not sure he has it in him to reinvent himself again next season just to go through the same old thing.  Give him a challenge – give him a project – and maybe that will snap him out of things.  Apparently Viktor’s said a couple things about the only thing keeping him on the ice is not having any idea what to do with himself if he leaves it.”

Yuuri covered his mouth.  “Viktor can’t leave the ice!”

“So you’ll ask him?”

Yuuri nodded.  The idea of Viktor leaving the ice was more than enough to push through any embarrassment at making such a ridiculous request.  Chris and Viktor held their places, and the three of them stood together on the podium.  Then there were pictures, and the press conference.  There were some odd moments – Viktor interrupted a reporter to tell him
over, trying to look at Phichit’s phone.

“I mean…”  Phichit handed Viktor the phone, laughing too hard to explain.

“’As Yuuri lay on the ice, Viktor’s weight pressing against him…’  What?”

Phichit managed to get the giggles under control enough to gasp out, “Cup of China?  When you tackled him?”

“Oh!  Right!”  Viktor smiled at the memory.  “Yuuri’s first thought was ‘Wow, this ice is really cold through the mesh.’”

“That… is not even close to what I was thinking,” Yuuri protested.

“Good.  ‘Viktor smiled at him.  “Surprise.”  Yuuri tried to smile back, but fear pooled in his stomach.  “Why would Viktor do that?  I know he’s really affectionate, but this doesn’t make sense!”’”  Viktor stopped reading aloud and skimmed over the next few paragraphs.  “Wow.  That’s not how I remember the fallout at all.  Once you got over the shock, I remember you as being rather pleased with the kiss, Yuuri.”

“It’s a story.  Your fans are filling in the blanks in the story they see in the press.  There’s also AUs, where they take the two of you and write stories about you being in college, or going to Hogwarts, or stuff like that.”  Phichit took his phone back and typed quickly.  “There, I’ve sent you both the major sites where they put this stuff.”

“Why?”  Yuuri grabbed his phone and promptly deleted the email.  “Why would you read it?”

“Because it’s hilarious!”  Phichit’s giggles were back.  “Some of the ideas they come up with are so wrong.”

 

Yuuri had deleted the email and done his best to purge the conversation from his brain.  Viktor… hadn’t.  He lay in bed that night, occasionally laughing, once in a while throwing his arms around Yuuri and thanking him for being real and not like the Yuuri in a story, sometimes crying over a sad story.  Right now he was wiping away tears.  “Interesting theory – I quit skating to coach you because I’d been informed I had cancer, and couldn’t compete anymore.  You were quite devastated at my inevitable death not long after your gold medal at the Finals, especially since I’d hidden my illness from you until after you won.”

“Well yeah, I’d be a mess if anything happened to you.”  Yuuri rolled his eyes.  “Why are you even still reading that stuff?”

“Phichit was right, it’s very… wait.  What.”  Viktor looked up from his phone.  “Next story: Yurio consoles you when I turn out to not be able to keep it in my pants.”

“Yurio’s not exactly the consoling type.  More the shouting and I told you so and making me katsudon pirozhki type.”

“No, not… he’s your new lover.  He helps you move on from me after I go back to sleeping with my fans.”

“Ew!”  Yuuri came to look over Viktor’s shoulder.  “Yurio’s like a little brother!  Our fan club calls him our son!  Why would I ever…”

“You wouldn’t.  I’m not reading that one.  What’s next… oh, this one’s just about me, you’re not in it.  In this story, Chris and I had a thing before I knew you.”  Viktor chuckled and clicked the tag.  “Apparently that’s a popular idea.”

“Well, it’s not like it’s wrong…”

Viktor dropped the phone and turned to stare at Yuuri.  “What?  Yes it is.  Chris and I have been good friends for years, but we’ve never been anything but friends.  Who told you Chris and I had a thing?”

“There were all kinds of stories… I know, there’s always fake stories, but they were just so prevalent I figured there had to be something real behind them.”

Viktor chuckled, tension gone.  “I was a playboy, Chris is sex on legs, we were friends, people made assumptions.  That’s it.  I promise.”

“None of my business what you got up to before me or who you got up to it with.”  Yuuri picked up the phone and scrolled to the next story.  “What the hell?”

Viktor glanced at the tags.  “Oh yeah, I’ve seen a couple of those – you and Phichit being more than roommates in Detroit.”

“That makes sense.  It never happened, but it makes sense.  This doesn’t.”

“Hmm?” Viktor read the summary and cracked up.  “Oh.  Wow.  That’s hilarious.  I’m abusive and Phichit rescues you?  Well, I’m sure he would if you needed it.”

“Why are our fans like this?”  Yuuri buried his face in his pillow.  “What if my mother sees them?”

"Well, they're mostly in English or Russian."  Viktor scrolled down.  He stared
being an obnoxious little shit is the way to make me pick you instead?”

Rykov shrugged and picked up another rock.  “You just said you don’t want me as your soulmate because it’ll mess up your friendship with Yuuri.  I can’t exactly leave, so what do you want me to do?”

“How about you drop the attitude and introduce yourself?  I don’t even know you beyond the statements you’ve made about my friend.”

“Right, because a punch to the face makes me feel like opening up.  But sure!  My name’s Valery Olegovich Rykov, call me Valera, I’m fifteen, I’ll turn sixteen in August, I like skating and dogs and working in my garden.”  Well, that explained why they were in a garden, then.  Paul had always enjoyed helping his mom and dad with their garden, too.  “My older sister just got married but I couldn’t go to the wedding because I was in Sheffield, I have a younger brother who was my best friend until I left to train with Karl and I never get to see him anymore, and do you actually give a damn about anything I’ve said?”  Paul was going to respond, but Rykov cut him off.  “Wait, you probably care about the sixteen in August.  The 14th, to be specific, so you know when I’m going to find out about this and you can hit me for real when I come looking for you.”

“I’m not going to…”  Paul threw up his hands.  “Fine.  Be like that.  See you in two and a half years.”

Rykov dropped his rock.  “What, I don’t get to know anything about you?”

“Like you’d remember anyway.  You’re not even going to remember that I hit you.”

“Which means no warning in two and a half years.  Hardly seems fair.”

“In two and a half years, maybe you’re no longer a whiny little twit and I won’t want to hit you.”

 

Paul woke up in the morning still feeling somewhat angry at everything.  He picked up his phone and texted Viktor.


I really do not care what my soulmate has to say about me dating Chris.  Or anyone I date in the next couple years.  It’s Rykov.




You’re dating Rykov?  Ew!




No, Rykov’s my soulmate.


No answer.  Good.  Paul hoped it kicked Viktor right in his sanctimonious nuts.  He got up and got dressed for a quiet day off.  He was settling in for a James Bond marathon when he heard his phone go off.



He trains in Moscow.  My sister lives there, she’s willing to meet you at the airport and help you get around until you find him.




Are you seriously telling me to go find him?  I thought you hated him?




He’s not my soulmate, I don’t have to like him.  Try to get him to behave himself if you bring him to hang out with me or Yuuri.



Paul shook his head and set the phone aside.  He did not understand Viktor Nikiforov or how Yuuri and Chris put up with him.

 

Not going to Rykov strained Paul’s friendship with Viktor, but Yuuri was just as much his friend as ever, and Paul managed to repair his friendship with Chris.  Rykov had moved up to seniors with Yuuri, so there was no avoiding him, but Paul could keep his distance.

The Grand Prix after Rykov turned eighteen, they’d both drawn Skate America.  Paul braced himself.  Rykov had settled down some, he wasn’t a total bag of dicks anymore, but it was probably going to be super awkward.  At least Yuuri and Viktor weren’t there.

Rykov approached him after practice on the first day.  “Hey.  I was gonna wait and talk to you after the free skate so I wouldn’t mess you up, but you looked kind of distracted already.  May as well get it over with.”

“Hi.  Go get lunch?”

Rykov shrugged.  “Sure.”

The walk to the restaurant was silent, and things remained awkwardly quiet while they ate.  Rykov was the one to break the silence.  “Okay, this is stupid, just sitting here and not talking about this.  You wouldn’t talk to me much in my dream, so I’m guessing your dream was pretty damn horrible.”

“Yeah, no kidding… although it wasn’t all your fault.  I didn’t give you much of a chance to talk.”  In retrospect, maybe punching Rykov before getting to know him had been a bad move.  There would have been plenty of time to punch him after, if he still wanted to.

“Are you going to give me a chance now?”

“Depends.  The bad blood between you and Yuuri’s worse now than it was then, are you going to have a problem with me and him being friends?”

“I’m not going to be his friend, but I don’t give a fuck if you are
, when you get off a twelve-hour flight, you’re gonna look like shit.  You’re really not going to care that your boyfriend got all dressed up.”

Leo threw a shirt at her, a dark red button down he’d thought about wearing but decided against.  “I care, now are you going to give me an opinion or just keep making fun of me?”

Espy caught it and stared at it.  “You’re an idiot.  If I iron this for you, will you wear it?”

“Why that one?”

“Because Guang Hong bought it for you!”

Leo smirked.  “I thought he wasn’t going to notice or care what I was wearing.”

“He will when he wakes up and sees the selfies and then kills you for putting just-off-a-twelve-hour-flight pictures of your adorable boyfriend on Instagram.  Wearing his shirt might keep him from killing you for it.”  Espy ducked out of the room with the shirt.

Not even two minutes later, his mom stuck her head in.  “There better be a good reason you’ve got your sister ironing your clothes, Leo.”

“One, she offered, and two, we made a deal.  She wanted me to wear that shirt to the airport.”

 

Once he’d changed his shirt, Espy declared that he looked “halfway decent,” which Leo assumed was sister code for “you look nice.”  He was out of time to fuss anyway if he wanted to get to the airport on time.  He couldn’t wait to show Guang Hong his new car – his old one had been rather beat up, as it was passed to him from his older brother.  Now that he was almost out of college, Leo had bought his own car, and given the beater to Espy.

Leo’s mom made him take his sisters with him, which was annoying.  Espy, at least, had opted to stay behind.  She was taking summer classes at the community college before starting for real, and she had to study, which was an excuse their mom accepted.  No such luck with Mayra, who wanted to stay home and play a video game, or Alicia, who was the one who got Leo stuck with sisters to begin with because she had a bizarre love affair with the airport.

“Can I stay in the car?” Mayra asked when they got there.

“No.”  Leo patted her shoulder.  “You’re responsible for Alicia, remember?  So I can watch for Guang Hong?”

“Ugh.  Alicia knows the airport better than I do, and she’s so… excitable.  What if I see someone I know?”

“Then they’re stuck at an airport too and the two of you can bond over it.  Now come on.”

“Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine.”  Mayra sulked, but she got out of the car and followed Leo and Alicia into the airport.

Guang Hong’s flight had been a little delayed, and was just touching down.  It would be a while for him to get through customs and security.  Leo settled in with his sign to wait while Alicia and Mayra ran all over the baggage claim area.

Finally, Guang Hong got out.  The neon sign – made by Espy to wave at Worlds – made Leo easy to find, and Guang Hong ran for him.  Leo dropped the sign to catch his boyfriend in a long hug.  “How is this wait the hardest one?  It’s only a week!”

“I think it’s the anticipation of what comes after.  It’s not moments stolen around a competition, it’s being together for real.”

“True.”  Leo kissed Guang Hong’s cheek and then went to help him watch for his bags.  While they watched, Alicia came running up and jumped on Guang Hong’s back.  “Hi!  Did you miss me?”

“As much noise as you were making, it was impossible to miss you!”  Alicia hopped down so that Guang Hong could give her a proper hug.  “It’s good to see you, too, Mayra.”

Mayra nodded.  “Yeah.  Hi.”

 

Guang Hong nearly walked past the car, much to Leo’s amusement.  Then Guang Hong squealed.  “I forgot!  You’d mentioned you got a new car but I wasn’t thinking it would be this cool!”

“Glad you approve.”  Leo helped Guang Hong load his bags in the trunk.  “Don’t get too comfortable, we’ve only got a couple days before we have to leave for Chicago.”

“This is the last year, though, right?  Next year you’ll be done?”

“Next year I’m done.  We don’t have to waste a month of our time together with me in classes.”

“Assuming you pass everything!” Alicia said.  “Espy says that would be a miracle.”

“I’ll pass.  I’ve got a couple papers to write, but I’m not worried about my performances.  Then… Viktor wants me to compose Yuri’s music for this year.”