You stared at the man in front of you. He had a blank look on his face, and you asked yourself how handsome he would look with a smile on his lips. Your fingers were kneading your wrists, which were just unbound by the man in front of you. The constant, nervous tapping of your foot echoed through the empty room. Finally you decided to speak up. "Who are-" You were interrupted by him. "I've been watching you" That sent shivers up your spine. 

He was a stalker? Your stalker? Had he seen you naked? Had he stood by your bed as you slept? You crossed your arms over your chest, the pounding of your heart ringing in your ears. Was he going to kill you? Or worse, was he going to keep you in the dark room with no chance of ever seeing your friends and family ever again? Your legs felt weak. What if he drugged you already?

"You set that house on fire after you killed that person" Your eyes widened. He knew? "I don't know what you're talking about", you lied, looking him straight in the face. "You can't lie to me. I was there the same night just to see the house go up in flames." He started pacing in the room, always keeping his eyes on you. Your eyes followed his ever move, mentally getting ready to fight. You uncrossed your arms and let them fall to your sides. "And who are you? Sherlock Holmes?" He laughed at that, lightly shaking his head. 

"You've heard about me." You were confused. He smirked a little. Suddenly you remembered. On a busy street in London, a person behind you saying something about a sociopathic criminal. "Jim Moriarty" He said it with you. You gulped. 

"I want to make you an offer" You raised your eyebrows. An Offer? "What offer?" He stalked towards your form, coming to a stop right before you. He played with a strand of your hair, twirling it around his finger in an innocent way. "I want you to work for me", he said, not taking his eyes off his hand. Finally he stepped back and left through the only door leading out of the room. He left it open, signalling you that you were free to leave as well.

The next weeks were crazy. Random messages appeared on your phone, all of them saying things like 'join me' or 'contact me' with a phone number. You started seeing Jim everywhere. In your favourite café, in the grocery shop, on the street. He was driving you insane. You had thought about calling the police, but you were sure they would find out about the crimes you committed.

After three weeks you snapped. You took a deep breath, clutching the phone in your shaky hand. You dialled the number. "Nothing?" You were dumbstruck. "I knew you were going to give in soon" Jim walked out of your bathroom, smiling. He walked up to you, and put his hands on your shoulders. "And you'll start your job right now"
It had started in the morning, only shortly after he woke up. Somehow your hand had moved to his crotch in your sleep, and your fingers twitched occasionally. His morning wood didn't help either. 

After a cold shower from his side, the two of you were heading out. You had some shopping to do, and you always liked to drag John along.

Dear god, why did you have to try on lingerie?

"John, darling, can you come help me for a second?" 

John quickly checked nobody was watching him before entering the changing room. His pants felt tighter almost instantly. You looked incredibly good. Your body was clad in a black and white set of lingerie.

Your smile was far from innocent, and John had an inkling about what he was in for.

You palmed him through his jeans, motioning for him to keep quiet as steps grew louder and louder. Someone stopped in front of the changing room. John felt his heartbeat pick up its pace as you kept touching him, adrenalin running through his veins at the thought of being caught.

"Ma'am, are you alright? You've been in there quite a while."

"I'm fine! I'm just not sure about the colour... can you bring me the same one in green?" 

"Certainly, ma'am."

The salesperson walked away, leaving you and John in silence again. 

Giggling, you shooed him out. But not without giving him your jacket to cover his raging boner.

-

After your little shopping trip, you settled down in a café. There weren't many people there, and the both of you had managed to get the table in the far corner. John wasn't sure if he wanted to know why you were so focused on that table. Now he knew why. 

You sat besides him, once again teasing his cock through his pants.

John was going insane. All the teasing, all the edging. He needed to cum. He needed to cum so badly. 

He tried to focus on his coffee, he really did, but your hand was so distracting. Still, he took a sip of his coffee, choking on it as you started to squeeze his cock rhythmically. After that, you didn't touch him there again, but that just churned his desire further on.

-

You were in a cinema watching a random movie. Johns erection had calmed down a little, though the desire was still burning inside of him.

Thankfully, the movie wasn't packed like usual. Only a few people wanted to watch it since it's been out for a little now. Almost immediately after the movie started, your hand went to work on his pants. 

Your hands slithered inside of his boxers. When you first touched his cock, his entire body flinched and he had to fake a couch so his moan was covered. 

You kept stroking him slowly, rubbing the head of his cock with your thumb from time to time. Around ten minutes into the movie, he came all over your hand and in his boxers. You pulled your hand away, liking his seed from your hand whilst still keeping eye contact with John.

You settled down again, content with watching the movie, when there was suddenly Johns hand between your legs and up your skirt. He pressed around with his fingers, finding that you had soaked through them. 

A small grin appeared on his face. Time to get you back for today.
Bruce sighed. It was another one of Tonys extravagant parties he had to attend. To be honest, he would have much rather stayed in the lab, or in his room. But Tony nearly dragged him into the main area of the party, saying Bruce should ease up and have fun. And the worst part, you weren't even there! The one person he could talk to wasn't there, so he just stood awkwardly at the wall, glass with something to drink in hand. Well, he just hoped nobody would try to make him angry.

His eyes wandered aimlessly around the room, never really staying on anything or anyone. Something in the corner of his vision caught his attention. He looked over. His breathing nearly stopped. You stood there, hands clutching a purse nervously. A dress he had never seen on you before hugged your frame. You hair was down for once, the soft looking strands framing your face. Your hair was usually on a bun or just simply tied together. Of course, having your hair down would be pretty inconvenient in the lab, but yours was up even when he saw you jut hanging around in the tower. 

Finally, you spotted Bruce, hurrying to his side in a matter of seconds. He smiled warmly at you, hoping you would think the red tint on his cheeks was from alcohol. You greeted him as well, looking down at yourself and blushing. "I... I must look ridiculous", you muttered. "No! I mean, no. You look quite beautiful actually" Your eyebrows raised in confusion. "Thanks but... do you have an idea from who this is?", you asked, gesturing to the dress. "It was just there on my bed this morning. A note was there as well. Something about wearing this dress today, to come late and to pretty myself up" - "I don't know who it's from. But I have an idea..." You shook your head. "You're thinking Tony, right? I asked him first, but h's never seen the dress before" - "Well, he could have lied", Bruce said, taking a sip from his drink to mask his nervousity. You really did look beautiful tonight.

Bruce and you stood there and talked for quite a while. Well, that was before a guy you've never seen before stepped in between the two of you. He leaned against the wall, flirtatiously grinning at you. "Hey, sweet cheeks. Never seen you before. How's it going?" Oh, you definitely didn't want to talk to this guy. He gave of creepy vibes. You looked at Bruce for help. "Actually, we were just about to go dance", Bruce interrupted, rounding the guy and coming to a stop besides you. "Oh. Were you now?" The guy looked at you, eyebrow raised. "Yeah we were!", you piped up, grabbing Bruces arm and started pulling him along to the dance floor. 

Suddenly, the music changed to something slow. That wasn't in Tonys usual songs for parties like this. Bruce and you awkwardly held onto each other as you began to sway to the music. You had to admit, this was very nice.

Across the room, Clint and Natasha high fived. Their mission has been a great success.
Groggily, you opened your eyes. It was pitch black around you, the air was dry. You coughed, hands shooting up in reflex to cover your mouth. Your knuckles touched something wooden. Warily, you touched the space around you. The walls, wooden. The floor under you, wooden. It wasn't even good wood, seen as you had caught several splinters from sliding your hands over the surface. Carefully, you moved around your feet. Okay, you didn't have much space. It was like a... like a... "Coffin?!", you gasped out. 

Adrenalin shot into your blood as you realized this. You pushed against the top part, but it didn't budge. A part of you wanted to scream, to cry for help and to thrash around wildly, while the other part of you knew better. You were probably underground, and you had no idea how much oxygen you had left. "Think, (YN)!", you scolded yourself, forcing your breath to slow down. Now you were starting to see a little bit, but the only thing you saw were the walls of the coffin. With shaking hands you felt around your body, noticing a rectangular object in your pocket. You pulled it out, soon realizing that it was your phone. "Yes!", you whispered. You turned it on, but saw it only had a few percent of battery left. You probably would only be able to make one short call. 

You were about to call Scotland Yard when you thought again. "They wouldn't be able to find me in time... I should... I have to call Sherlock" Quickly you dialled is number, pulling the phone to your ear. "Please pick up, please pick up, please pick up..." But he didn't. That's when you heard it. Cursing. "Where could she be?" It was a male voice. You knew that voice. Was it... "John!", you screamed. "Sherlock! I heard something over there!" 

You had to remind yourself again that screaming would take too much oxygen. Instead, you began to rapidly knock your hand on the coffin, hoping they would be able to hear it. Suddenly, you remembered something. You had that one annoying ring tone both Sherlock and John hated. You searched it in your phone, turning the volume up to full. "Here!" You heard digging, but it sounded weird. Like someone put cotton in your ears. You were starting to feel quite weak as well. 

You didn't know how much time had passed. "(YN)! (YN), can you hear me?!" It was Sherlock now. "Yes!", you croaked. Something was shoved through the wood by your feet, nearly hitting you. You gasped in shock. You wanted to raise your head to look down, but were unable to. It was hard to keep your eyes open as well, so you closed them. 

Suddenly, warmth enveloped you, and fresh air found its way into your lungs. You ripped your eyes back open, only to squint at the too bright light. Then you were pulled up, a solid body holding yours upright. You were handed to another person, and then put down on the grass. Gosh, you were just glad to be out of that hole. You never ever wanted to go into a coffin again after that!

"Are you alright?", John asked from beside you, watching you watch Sherlock climb out of the hole. "I'm... tired. Scared. Happy.", you mumbled, laying your head back down on the floor. Sherlock put a hand on your cheek after he sat down on your other side. "I swear to you, I'll never let something like this happen again", he mumbled, more to himself than to you. You chuckled. "I'll remind you of that"
Your eyebrows shot up, uncertainly taking in your appearance. Your hair was pulled up, braided and curled beautifully. Clints refection in the mirror nodded and smirked, crossing his arm approvingly. It was beyond you. How did he do that? When did he learn that kind of thing? And why? You were grateful, of course, but you were still wondering. 

You were in awe. Clint did your hair so much better than you ever could. "Clint... wow... how? When?" You were beyond words, watching his expression turn more and more smug. Then, he put his hands on your shoulders. Gentle, yet hiding a strength only few normal men had. Well, he was an assassin, after all. Oh yeah, that's why he did your hair. You had to go on an undercover mission with him. The two of you were going to attend to a party of some kind, and you would act as his trophy wife. You would distract the people whilst Clint would steal some important documents. Or, at least that's what he told you. You had no idea why he would take you of all people on a mission like this. You were not a trained assassin, or physically strong at all. Of course, you had some tricks up your sleeve. 

You entered the huge ballroom. The dress you wore fit snugly, but not breathtakingly so. It was quite comfortable, and beautiful, but a little too short for your taste. You carried a tiny handbag. In there, there was a knife. Another one was strapped to your thigh, hidden underneath the dress. Worried, your grip on Clints arm tightened. "You okay?", he asked, completely cool. You forced yourself to nod. Breathing seemed almost impossible right now. If you screwed up, you wouldn't just ruin the mission. You could get yourself and Clint killed if you weren't careful. "I just don't understand why you picked me of all people", you mumbled, glancing at the people in the room. Clint took his arm back from you. "Just trust me", he winked, then pressed a kiss against your cheek. You face felt warm as Clint wrapped his arm possessively around your waist. Immediately, he looked like another person. He had a shit-eating grin on his face, his eyes head tilted arrogantly. He overall looked like a douche. You did what you practised with Clint, forcing your lips to a scowl and your eyes to look bored. Overall, you looked annoyed and uninterested. You took a piece of chewing gum into your mouth, and started to chew loudly. 

Clint was greeted by various people, most of them looking at you lustingly. A few ignored you, and you were thankful for that. You did your best to stay annoyed. You groaned at everything Clint said, and looked disgusted everytime he pulled you close. 

"Dear, be a Sweetheart and get me a drink", Clint slurred. You deepened your scowl. "Get it yourself, hun" He growled, and for a short second you were actually frightened. But then you remembered that this was just an act. Then he gripped you butt. You shoved him away, trying your hardest to look angry, or better yet, furious. "How dare you touch me you dirty piece of trash?!" Then he yelled back, matching your intensity with ease. In the end, he stormed off, and you fell to the floor dramatically. You sobbed, forcing real tears to spill from your eyes. The people had made a circle around you, whispering and mumbling things you didn't understand. 

Some time went by, and then you finally heard the beep from your earpiece that told you you could leave. You stood up, faking weakness for a second, before yelling at everybody to fuck off. Then you stormed out of the building, back to the car. You flopped down in it. "You got it all?" Your voice was wobbly from crying and yelling. His expression was worried. "Hey, you know I wasn't serious, right?" You nodded, smiling at him. "Of course" He let out a sigh, then he smiled, wrapping his arms around you in a comforting hug. "Good."
Your eyes opened, scanning the room with slightly dazed wariness. You weren't home, but in a room with grey walls and a glass front. Several cameras were pointed at you. You felt panic rise within you, but you forced it down for your sake and your childs. 

"Ahh, good morning, sunshine!", an unknown voice chirped. You didn't reply, kept on checking the room for any details that could help you make out where you were. You were sat in a stool, hands chained to the arms of it. You couldn't move an inch. 

"Ignoring me? Well, that will change soon enough.", the woman said again. 

"Who are you?", you asked, keeping your voice level. 

"Me? Oh, I suppose Sherlock never mentioned me. I'm Eurus. Sherlocks-"

"-Sister. You're Sherlocks and Mycrofts sister...." 

She made a surprised noise. A screen came down from the ceiling, turning itself on after it stopped moving. A room was shown. Sherlock, John, Mycroft and a person you didn't know where in it. You saw them, but couldn't hear them. 

Sherlock had a gun, holding it out for Mycroft, who backed away, looking absolutely mortified. The nameless person was crying, your husband himself looked torn apart. John took the gun. His mouth moved, but you didn't see well enough to read his lips. But his hand was shaking. Interpreting the situation, either John or Mycroft had to kill the man, but he seemed okay with it. Either because he was tortured or because something was at stake. Or someone. 

He ripped the gun from Johns hands, pointing it at the three of them, before putting it to his chin and pulling the trigger. The camera zoomed in on him, but you didn't look away. 

The camera changed, now in a different room. And Sherlock seemed to be staring at something below the camera directed at him. 

"(YN).", he mouthed, yet you couldn't hear anything. 

"Sherlock?" Hopefully he heard you. You hoped and hoped, and then saw relief flooding his eyes. "I can't hear you, and I don't know if you can hear me, but I'm fine." John seemed to be yelling something like 'Eurus', you couldn't see it properly. 

"No, no, no, no...", you mumbled under your breath, watching Sherlock hold the gun towards Mycroft. They were talking, but the camera was too unfocused to read their lips. Suddenly, Sherlock pointed the gun to himself. "No!" He fell over, but there was no blood. And he was breathing. 

They were gone. Well, except for Mycroft. He was restless, pacing the glass room the both of you were now trapped in. Suddenly, he turned to you.

"How are you? Are you alright? Did she hurt you?" 

"No... I'm just... worried... thank you for asking, though.", you answered, holding your swollen belly with both hands. Thankfully, Eurus never had intended to hurt you, especially in your state. She just wanted to test Sherlock, maybe even hurt his mind through emotions. She just wanted to play with hr older brother. After all, she loved him. In her own twisted way. And she loved your child too, you realized that when she told the guards bringing you here not to hurt you or the child. Honestly, you felt sorry for her. Her own genius mind burdened her.

Sherlock wrapped his arms around you, his grip hard but still mindful of your belly bump. Sherlock was shaking slightly, so you gripped his shoulders hard enough to really get him to understand that you were here, safe and healthy. Looking over his shoulder, you saw Eurus watching you. You smiled at her, making sure she understood that you forgave her by watching her expression. She smiled back.

Sherlock and Eurus played together. You smiled, watching the scene. Their Mom and Dad were sitting beside you, and you bounced your baby boy on your knee. He looked at his father and aunt with big eyes, hands making grabby motions towards them both. 

Even though you weren't a normal family, even though the bad things that had happened, you were sure your son still loved his family as much as you and Sherlock did.
"(YN)!" You rolled your eyes. "What?", you yelled back. "A murder. Come!", Sherlock shouted. You looked down at your nails, which were currently covered by a still wet layer of nail polish. "I can't right now!" Suddenly the door was thrown open, revealing Sherlock. "Of course you can" He gave you a stern look, you him an annoyed one. "You're better off leaving me here, if you don't want me smearing nail polish everywhere." He gave your nails a look. "You won't now come."

You sighed, out of breath. Of course, after inspecting the body, Sherlock ran off without you. You had been chasing after him, but had now lost sight of him. You leaned on your knees, eyes searching the busy streets for the black mop of hair. Suddenly you were grabbed from behind. You struggled, but were dragged into an alleyway. You broke free, turning to see the person that had grabbed you. It was a woman, and she was furious. "You!", she hissed. "You're the one that stole my husband!" Your eyebrows raised on their own account. "Excuse me?" She balled her hands to fists. "He cheated on me, with you!" You raised your hands to signal your innocence. "I don't even know you!" She pulled something out of her pocket, and you immediately took a step back. "Calm down. I did nothing!" 

She raised the object you now identified as a knife and took a step towards you. "It was a mistake to wear that nail polish again!" She attacked you, slicing your cheek with the knife. You scrambled away. "Miss put down the weapon!", you yelled. She screamed and lunged at you again. You dodged again and shoved her out of your way before sprinting out of the alleyway. You nearly ran into Lestrade, who had his gun in his hands. His eyes met yours, and then drifted to the cut on your cheek. "I heard screams, what happened?" You moved your hands around frantically. "A woman attacked me! She-" Sherlock appeared from behind Lestrade. "She's the killer", he interrupted you. Lestrade looked over his shoulder, surprised. "How?" - "The nail polish." You looked down at your nails. "The victim had the same colour. And she said the woman her husband cheated on her with had the same. It's obviously her" 

"You used me as bait?!", you yelled at Sherlock after the woman was arrested. "It wasn't intentional." You threw your arms up in the air. "Not intentional? I could've died!" His eyes narrowed a bit. "But you didn't. You were merely hurt." You gritted your teeth, then turned around sharply. You started to walk away, until a hand grabbed your upper arm and pulled you back. You were ready to punch Sherlock, but he grabbed your wrist and pulled you even closer to him. Then he pressed his lips forcefully against yours. You struggled for a second, before melting into the kiss. He pulled away for a second, looking straight into your eyes. "I would never let you get severely hurt."