the Whittemores there tonight, he’s too nervous about what may or may not be upcoming. 

He doesn’t know how he feels about the coming night. 

But he thinks… he thinks maybe he would like them to come visit him. He looks around at the empty church - where the Hale family should be were it not for their deaths. He thinks about Derek, Laura and Peter standing by themselves at the altar, knowing they’d buried the rest of their kin. Jackson doesn’t have much of a family - he never knew his birth parents. He’d been close to the Whittemores before he learned of his adoption. After that he’d felt… detached. Removed. Like he didn’t belong and never could. He said he didn’t want them here for his wedding but looking at the empty, cavernous space yawning out behind them, he imagines what it would be like if they hadn’t arrived. Imagines how he would have felt if he’d walked into the church and looked for them and they hadn’t been there - Lady Whittemore with her fragile fingers and tremulous smile; Lord Whittemore standing strong and silent beside her. Watching Lady Whittemore twist her handkerchief in her hands, watching Lord Whittemore’s hand on her shoulder - knuckles white with tension, he wants to try. 

“I shall speak with… Derek,” Jackson says, hesitating over Hale’s name. He’s not sure what he should call him. In Jackson’s head, he is just ‘Hale’ but it seems foolish to say that out loud and he simply cannot say the words ‘my husband’ yet. “I will see if we can make arrangements to have you for dinner. Once I am, or rather, we are more settled.”

Lady Whittemore looks like she might cry and Jackson wants to run away, to escape. He can handle the slight overture he made but he cannot handle anything more. Not right now. He doesn't know if she senses it or not because she only nods, sharing a quick look with her husband. “We’d love that, Jackson.”

Jackson nods tightly and then takes his leave, escaping the suddenly cloying feeling of the cathedral to the crisp, open air outside. 

Kanima is stamping her feet off to the side where she is harnessed and he pets her neck and mane as he swings himself up into her saddle. She trots a few paces restlessly, picking up on his mood - anxious and tense. It’s a relief to both of them when he urges her into a gallop and then as he hits the countryside, a fast run, burning off the energy that thrums through them both. Hale Manor is… stark. Dreary. Over half of it is boarded up - blackened and dark with charred wood from the fire five years ago. He wonders why they haven’t torn it down and rebuilt. But then with just Laura, Derek and Peter, there wouldn’t be much point. 

There’s not enough of them to fill what remains, never mind what needs to be fixed. 

A servant lets him into the manor, greeting him with a nod and a brief, “Master Hale,” that has Jackson looking behind him wondering who the man is talking too before he realizes that it’s him - he’s Master Hale now. Derek would still have the title of Lord, Laura would be Lady Alpha, and Peter would be Sir. 

But Jackson is Master Hale. He manages to cover his surprise by fiddling with his coat and armor, taking off his sword and wedding jacket. 

“Lord Hale is upstairs in your quarters,” says the small, petite woman taking his coat and gloves. “I can show you the way, if you like.”

“Just point me in the right direction,” he says, his tone sharper than he means it to be. She bobs her head nervously and points him up the stairs and to the end of the hallway. 

He climbs the stairs with a sense of foreboding and dread. He knew he was getting married today and part of him just wants to go to the bedroom and get the whole mess over with. At the same time, he walks as slow as he can, cursing Derek Hale the whole way. Jackson’s feet are heavy on the carpet as he moves toward the door at the end of the hallway. It’s tall and dark and the air feels heavy with his reluctance. He grips the brass handle firmly. What kind of man just gets married and then retires to his bedchamber? It’s vile, it’s base, it’s…

Completely not what he expected. 

Derek Hale is sitting at a small desk in the corner, reading over some papers. 

“You’re here. Good. Have a seat. I’d like to discuss some estate business with you.”

The command is quick and sharp but not cruel and Jackson finds himself ready to obey, walking over to the other chair that Derek has set up and sitting down. 

They discuss the Hale and Whittemore estates for the
long since he’s had pack. He can’t stop as he barrels into him and knocks him off his feet and starts licking him. He’s salty and pack and he wants to know where Stiles has been and what he’s being doing and so he sniffs him - he had toast for breakfast and pizza for lunch and he’s taken his pills today but earlier in the morning and he showered but he’s wearing yesterday’s t-shirt and last night he was next to his dad for a while and at some point, he’s had some gum and he stepped in some french fries. But also he smells like trust and loyalty and reliability. Stiles is talking to him, saying something, and then he squeals and Stiles hands are pushing at him and he’s squirming and it’s playing! 

He pushes off and sits on the ground and he can’t stop his tail from wagging and he’s panting and he stares at Stiles. 

“Holy crap! Derek?”

Stiles knows him and that makes him happy and he pushes a paw at Stiles and noses and sniffs at his neck again.

“Gross. Slobber much?”

He wants to nip at Stiles because it’s not gross it just is but-

He sees the rabbit. 


prey prey prey run!


When he gets back, Stiles is gone. 

***Of course he feels silly and embarrassed as soon as he shifts back. He would never act that way as a human but it seemed so natural as the wolf and like there was no reason not to. He tries to shrug it off and not think about it but he sees Stiles look at him with mischief in his eyes one time and he turns and gives him a look. 

Mostly because he just can’t talk about it. He just… can’t. 

Amazingly, Stiles doesn’t say anything. 

***

He doesn’t exactly hang out in the woods waiting for Stiles, but when he hears his Jeep coming up the road, he makes no move back to the house to shift back either. It’s the same feeling as before. A feeling of - Stiles! Pack! Happy! And he’s trotting toward Stiles before he knows it. Stiles looks happy to see him. He smells happy and relaxed (and a little bit like chinese food and too much laundry soap and only one of his socks was new this morning, the other is from yesterday). 

Then Stiles goes back into his Jeep for a moment and when he comes back out he’s got something that smells like store and new and machine-made. 

Tennis ball. 

He looks at the ball and then at Stiles who smells like nervous and uncertainty and he’s fidgeting a bit and then Derek is running back to the forest, pausing to look back when he doesn’t hear Stiles following him. 

Stiles throws the ball and Derek’s eyes snap on it immediately and he already knows how fast he has to run, where it will want to land and he’s going to get it before it hits the ground. He hears Stiles trundling after him into the woods and he feels the ground soft and cool under his feet. 

He’s happy. 

***

Derek never thought something so small and green would make him so… crazed. He’d smelled the leprechaun on his territory but couldn’t place the scent. It had taken a few days of research before he finally remembered it from a learning hunt with his Dad - remembered his Dad explaining to him that if you let one leprechaun in, they’d take over the whole forest, like beavers. 

But leprechauns were sneaky and tricky and by the time it was all over, Stiles had been hurt. 

Leprechauns, like most of the fey, were essentially immortal but Derek is certain he sent this one home licking enough wounds to remind all of them that Hale territory is off limits. 

He still feels keyed up and anxious after the fight - like a spool of wire wound to tightly. He shifts and goes for a run in the forest. 

He ends up in Beacon Hills under Stiles window. 

The big oak tree outside the Stilinkski house has low hanging branches and although he knews it’s tricky, if he’s fast enough, he should be able to leapfrog up them and get to Stiles window. 

Luckily, the wolf doesn’t think so much as intuit steps and jumps and he’s bounding up the old tree, branches creaking under his weight until he’s at the window, more like a cat than a wolf. 

Stiles is asleep in bed and Derek pads over, sniffing the air. Stiles smells like hurt and sick and pain. He sniffs again and gets the tinge of medication under that too. He hops up on the bed and curls into a ball, listening to the slow breaths of Stiles as he sleeps. 

He feels Stiles stir before he actually wakes up, sees Stiles blink open his eyes and focus on him. 

“Creepy, dude. Not cool. I’m not playing Bella to your Edward. Just… no.”

He’s
and dies instantly. Shot in the leg and bleeds out. Gut shot and waits for the paramedics for an hour before dying on the way to the hospital. A perp slashes at him with a knife and severs the carotid artery spraying blood all over an alley. A perp stabs him in the chest and perforates his lung. A drunken idiot lands a lucky punch and knocks him against the cruiser and he dies. He gets slashed by a rogue omega that they didn't’ even know was in town and despite the fact that his dad knows about werewolves, he doesn’t get a chance to use his wolfsbane bullets. He has a heart attack and god dammit Stiles knew, he knew his dad was cheating on his diet and not taking all his meds. 

“Hey Stiles,” Deputy Mike says with a smile and Stiles is just waiting, waiting for the words to come out of his mouth. I’m sorry, Stiles, but there was an incident and your dad, well, he didn’t make it.

“My dad?” he manages.

“He’s in the hospital. He was… well… there was an accident on the highway, during a chase.”

Stiles is confused. He didn’t even think about a car accident. 

“But… how’s… I mean, he’s…” he can’t put enough words together to form a sentence. He feels  cold and a little sweaty. “A car accident?”

Deputy Mike nods. “Yeah. High speed chase and the road-” He shakes his head. “Well, it doesn't really matter.” 

Stiles wants to shout at him that no, it does! It does matter but he finds himself nodding along. 

“But your dad, he was awake and lucid before they took him to the hospital and he asked us, well anyone from the station really, to swing by and get you.”

Stiles is halfway out the door before he registers Deputy Finn’s hand on his chest. “Stiles, why don’t you go get some shoes on and maybe grab your phone and your wallet or anything else you want. Mike and I will wait here for you. It’s okay.”

He looks dumbly down at his bare feet on the porch and thinks, no, no it’s not okay but he manages to nod and it’s all kind of a blur but he finds himself back outside with sneakers on and his wallet and his phone. 

“We have time for you to put some jeans on or something, Stiles.”

“I just wanna go,” Stiles says, lips feeling numb and thick. 

“Okay then. Let’s get in the car.”

The ride to the hospital is a blur of lights and pavement and at this time of night… morning, Stiles guesses, it doesn’t take long at all. Deputy Finn parks the car in one of the spots that states it’s reserved for doctors and Stiles wonders who would even ticket her if they had a mind to. 

The smell of the hospital is always cloying. Thick and heavy and it always feels like it gets stuck in his soft pallet. Mike kind of steers Stiles to a chair and pushes him gently down on it while saying something about trying to go in the back and see if they can get Stiles back to see his dad. 

Stiles is alone in the front waiting room. He fumbles for a second with his phone and before he even realizes what he’s doing, he’s dialed and is listening to it ring in his ear. 

“‘lo. What? God, what time is it?”

Derek’s voice is gravelly and low on the phone. Clearly the voice of someone who’s just been woken from a deep sleep and Stiles is frozen, unable to say anything. His throat is tight, painful and if he says something, if even one word manages to make its way out, then maybe the whole thing will collapse and he’ll start crying and he can’t cry because he doesn’t even know anything yet. 

“Hello?”

Stiles wants to say something, he does. He just can’t. He hears a rustling sound over the line, like Derek is shifting or moving. 

“Stiles? You’re on caller ID. You better not have rolled over on your phone and dialed me in your sleep. It’s four in the fucking morning.”

The nurse behind the desk is calling out for a patient, that they’re ready to set his arm now and some guy cradling his arm wearily gets up and settles himself back down in the wheelchair she has for him.

“You sound like you’re at the hospital? Are you okay? What’s going on? Stiles?”

“My dad -” is all Stiles manages for the second time. He swallows hard and clenches his fist. “Can you come?”

“I’m on my way. What happened? Who’s with you? Is Scott there?”

Stiles manages a big breath in that threatens to come back out like a sob. “
‘no’, or ‘don’t’, and then Rodney heard the words ‘you’ll be fine’ mumbled out.

I’ve bad dreams, Rodney remembered John telling him in his drunken stupor. It would seem that he didn’t just have them when he was sopping blind drunk either. Rodney wondered how often of a regular occurrence this was.

Rodney was torn, not sure if he should ignore John’s somniloquy or if he should try to wake the man.

A sound of distress finally galvanized Rodney into action. God knew he’d had enough nightmares in his life that he wished someone would wake him from. He gingerly rolled a bit onto his side, toward John.

“John,” he stage-whispered, hardly lowering his voice. When nothing happened, he said it again, slightly louder.

When still nothing happened, Rodney hesitatingly reached out his hand and placed it carefully on John’s arm and gave it a slight squeeze and a shake.

“John,” Rodney said, this time his voice deep and sharp.

John immediately bolted upright and Rodney instinctively tightened his grip on John’s arm.

“You’re fine,” Rodney said quickly, knowing what it was like to wake from a bad dream, disoriented and confused, not sure if you’re awake or still unconscious. “You were… talking in your sleep,” Rodney said judiciously, not sure if he should mention John’s nightmares or not.

John rubbed his eyes with one and and fell back onto the pillows. “What did I say?” he asked sleepily.

Rodney managed a tiny half shrug. “I don’t know,” he lied. “I couldn’t make out the words.”

“Oh,” John said, his words slightly muffled as he yawned. “Sorry.”

“It’s fine,” Rodney replied and then at the slightly uncomfortable silence he added, “It’s not a problem.”

“Uh, if it happens again, just… don’t be afraid to wake me up.”

Rodney settled back again. “All right. And. You know. Ditto.”

He didn’t notice he still had his hand on John’s arm until he was almost asleep again and at that point, his body felt so heavy and dark that he didn’t want to move at all and he let his stay where it was, resting on John.

He didn’t hear John again that night.

***

John woke up feeling well rested and clear headed, which wasn’t the norm for him. Since his return from the war, he generally woke up slightly groggy from a night of fighting nightmares; from tossing and turning and shouting himself awake.

But this morning he felt pretty good. He made a move to stretch out his long body when he realized that Rodney’s hand was on his arm. He had a vague recollection of being woken up by Rodney in the middle of the night, Rodney telling him he was talking in his sleep and then settling back down.

It was probably the most innocuous waking from a nightmare he’d had since he was a child.

The bed-sheet was rumpled and rucked up, and when he looked down he could see where Rodney’s hand rested on his arm. Rodney’s skin was light against the darkness of John’s forearm. Rodney probably didn’t spend much time out of doors, whereas John had spent far too much time outside on the battlefield. Although as of late, his outdoor pursuits where much happier, involving his horses.

John titled his head up and centered his gaze on Rodney’s face. Rodney was still asleep in the same position on his back, his injured arm slung over his chest. His crooked mouth was slightly open and some quiet snores were emanating from him rhythmically.

He was married to this man.

Married.

He’d tried to picture himself married at times but when he had pictured himself with various people over the course of his affairs, he never could quite picture the person he might marry. But when he thought about it now, with Rodney, it wasn’t hard at all. He had a strange sort of affinity for Rodney already. Perhaps it was because all his focus had been on the man.

Or perhaps it was something more. John wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he felt comfortable around Rodney. Pretending to be comfortable was something John did very well, but with Rodney, he wasn’t pretending, he actually felt it. Last night it had been such a relief to be able to escape the reception, albeit small, and retire to his quarters and not feel dread creeping in on him.

They’d even shared a laugh over their wedding ceremony.

Naturally it would have been infinitely preferable to have a proper wedding night, but John found he was amenable to waiting until Rodney had more of a chance to heal. It certainly gave him something to look forward to. He most assuredly found Rodney attractive and if he spent much longer lingering in bed, roaming his eyes over his new husband, he was
’ve got to make up some ridiculous reason why you’re just sitting there waiting in the car.”

“Stiles.”

“Yes.”

“Shut. Up.”

Derek’s eyes flash red again and Stiles cowers slightly. “Okay. Totally shutting up now.”

Derek had said that grimoires had a smell to them and he’s hoping that his nose will lead them to one. 

Stiles has been dying to make nose or smelling jokes all night. The nose knows, hit it on the nose, nosing around, on the trail like a bloodhound. It’s fraught with possibilities. 

In the partial darkness, Stiles is transfixed watching Derek’s muscles bunch and shift under his shirt. He can feel his fingers tingling with want, just thinking about reaching out and touching. 

He actually has his hand up and hovering over Derek’s back when Derek suddenly pauses, turns slightly and then grabs Stiles and starts shoving him toward the back of the bookshop. 

Oh God, the manhandling. Again. 

Derek pushes him into a small janitor’s closet and then catches him when Stiles almost steps into the mop bucket. He wobbles a bit and hits the mop which starts to tip over before Derek catches that too, stepping into the too small closet and pulling the door shut behind him. 

He’s chest to chest. 

With Derek Hale. 

He feels his dick give a little twitch and he prays like he has never prayed before that his dick will suddenly understand the concept of ‘inappropriate time’ and can comprehend the many, many, many ways he will take care of it later if only it promises to behave. Just this one time. 

It occurs to him that he’s totally not sure why they’re in the janitor’s closet. He’s trying to see Derek in the dark but he can’t even make out his silhouette. 

“What-”

Derek claps his hand over Stiles mouth before he can say anything more. Stiles knows his own eyes must be as large as saucers as he tries to see in the inky black. 

“Quiet,” Derek breathes in Stiles’ ear and Holy God, Derek’s hot breath across his ear and his neck - he can’t help it, he’s sixteen for Christ’s sake. He swallows hard and prays twice as hard because his dick, that traitor, is totally seeing this situation different. 

Stiles’  brain sees them in the middle of a B and E and there’s the distinct possibility they will get caught. 

His dick thinks they are pressed up against Derek; Derek is breathing in their ear and it’s fucking awesome. 

He squirms a bit, thinking maybe he can put some distance between himself and Derek, but Derek drops his hand from Stiles’ mouth and uses both hands on Stiles’ biceps to yanks him closer.

Stiles brain: zero, Stiles dick: +1.

He exhales on a shaky breath and then tries to take a deep breath in. Calm thoughts, calm thoughts. Totally unsexy thoughts. Totally unsexy thoughts that are not Derek’s muscles all pressed up against the length of Stiles’ body and that is not Derek’s thigh almost slotted between Stiles’ legs. 

“Stop squirming,” Derek mouths against his ear and another shudder goes through Stiles’ body and travels straight to his dick. 

And he maybe whimpers a little. 

He feels Derek still. He wasn’t really moving before but suddenly, he’s perfectly motionless against Stiles and Stiles can feel a hot flush burn its way up his chest, neck and cheeks because he knows he’s totally sporting wood and with the way Derek is mashed up against him, there’s no way he can’t feel it. 

Derek’s lips move close to Stiles ear and Stiles has a moment of panic, thinking ‘Oh shit, is it customary in the wolf kingdom to bite off the ear of a wolf that’s mortally offended you or something?’.

Derek licks up the delicate shell of Stiles ear and Stiles’ knees buckle a bit and all his blood surges to his dick and it brushes up against Derek’s leg and it’s the most fantastic thing he’s ever felt. 

Derek pushes him back and Stiles fees the wall of the closet against his back and fuckit, he can’t see anything but it doesn’t even matter because Derek is nudging his legs apart with one of his (stupidly) muscled thighs and fuck it feels so good. 

He can feel Derek’s breath hot and a little damp on his face, and then Derek’s hands are traveling up Stiles’ arms, pushing into his clavicle and encircling his neck and then one of Derek’s thumbs is at Stiles’ bottom lip. Stiles’ darts out his tongue and licks it and it’s salty and hot and Derek huffs out an exhale and then smashes his lips into Stiles’. 

It’s hot and wet and slippery and it’s so not coordinated or smooth and Stiles’ doesn’t fucking care. He’s managed to get his hands underneath Derek’s shirt and he’s touching
against the pain in his chest. His body wants to curl forward, around the pain but the rope on his wrists and ankles keep in awkwardly splayed out. He doesn’t know how long he’s been trapped wherever he is, doesn’t know how long he’s been apart from Nisi but if he feels this awful, if it’s this painful, she must be… she’s probably getting close to… 


A fast thumping sound, faint and a little far away, catches his ears. It’s not human - too fast to be human. It’s an animal heart beat. There’s the sound of scraping and digging - quick, light and sharp digging. The thumping sound gets louder. Derek twists and turns, trying to orient himself to it. There’s a small sliver of light coming in from the door that leads upstairs, to what, Derek doesn’t know. The sliver provides enough illumination that Derek can squint into the partial darkness and thinks he sees the ground in the corner moving slightly. The digging sound gets louder and then there’s the smell of damp earth and the thumping is clear and close.


Then Derek smells something else. 


Stiles.


No, not Stiles, but close. Damn close. Close enough that…


Derek blinks when he sees her, not sure if what he’s seeing is real. Given the way Stiles is always able to heft her about and given the pictures he saw on the internet, Derek knew she was small but he still didn't expect her to be so diminutive. She’s tiny. He can’t imagine her being more than five pounds. 


Sofer. 


She pushes her way out of the small hole in the ground that she dug through and makes a beeline for him. She shakes herself all over once, throwing dirt off her coat. She’s pale, even in the half-light. Her nose is a dark spot against the white of her snout. Derek can’t move, is afraid he’s hallucinating as he sees her easily fit through the metal bars of the cage and then paw at the mountain ash line just inside the cell, breaking it. She pads closer to him, her steps light and trotting. He can just barely make out her face - delicate, pointed snout. Huge, sweeping ears. He’s not sure if it’s the darkness or his state, but he can’t quite make out both of her eyes. Just a dark impression of where they are. 


“Sofer.”


Her nose twitches when he says her name and then twitches again as she sniffs him. She immediately trots around to the back of him and Derek flinches when he feels her cold, wet nose on his wrist. He feels the warm, quick dart of her tongue against the flesh of his hand and a shiver runs through him, easing some of the pain in his chest from Nisi’s absence. Sofer’s not his daemon, but she’s a daemon, a daemon of Derek’s pack and though he’s never even seen her before, in a way she’s familiar to him. He can feel and hear her nibbling on the wolfsbane ropes and when her sharp, tiny teeth finally cut through and the rope falls from his wrists, he sighs in relief. He pulls his arms around him and out of the corner of his eye, sees her dart down to his feet and start nibbling away on the bindings there. 


Sofer makes quick work of the rope at his feet as well and suddenly, Derek’s free. He curls forward, around the ache in his chest, feeling woozy and sick from Nisi’s absence. If Sofer’s here, it means they know where he is, they’re coming for him. They must have Nisi. She must be safe. 


He startles, feeling a jolt again when Sofer climbs onto his legs and then burrows against his midsection. 


He’s touching Stiles’ daemon. It’s taboo. Forbidden. But she’s curling against his stomach, warm and she smells like Stiles. Like pack. Derek’s hands shake as reaches toward her. Even though she touched him first, he’s afraid as he reaches for her, that she’ll bolt, and he’ll be alone again, waiting for a fate worse than death. He pets her small head; her entire skull fitting easily in his hands. Her whisker’s are smooth but sharp at the tip and she wiggles her snout when he pets over them, nipping lightly at his fingers when he feels for the edges of them to see how long they are. 


Derek knows he should be getting up and breaking out of the cell and he will, he will. He just needs a minute. He can’t help but curl himself around Sofer’s warm, slight body. Her fur is soft and fluffy. She huffs against his waist, leaving a damp, cool section on his shirt. He trails his fingers over her scalp, pausing when he reaches a strange,
films, he  was silent. His blue eyes flickering over the screen carelessly.  Disinterested.

Though Beckett had maintained Rodney could still eat as he normally did, Rodney stopped joining them for meals in the mess.

He smiled less and less and when he did, it didn’t reach his eyes.

While  it could never be claimed that Rodney was a nice boss, he was always  engaged. He always knew what everyone was working on, why it was wrong  and what they needed to do to fix it. He was generally more than happy  to let each and every scientist know what they needed to do.

Now  he just fixed their work and dismissed them with cold, clinical eyes.  Told them flatly their work was wrong and they were no longer needed on  the project.

When Rodney had been turned, they’d all been so excited over the physical changes they were completely unprepared and ignorant of the other changes.

“John.”

Rodney’s voice, carried on the darkness snapped him back to the present.

“I don’t want to force you, but I will if you persist in being unreasonable.”

John  could tell by the way Rodney’s voice echos that Rodney was across the  lab, in the doorway. Just as he was sure that from his voice, Rodney  knew exactly where he was as well.

“No-fucking-thanks, McKay.” McKay, McKay - think only of McKay and not of Rodney.

A  long suffering sigh emanated from Rodney’s lips. “John. Please. You  have to trust me on this. It’s for your safety. For the safety of  Atlantis.”

“Like killing half the science team was for the safety of Atlantis?” John shot back quickly.

“Yes,  John. It was. Atlantis agreed with me. They were endangering us all.  They were careless and unknowledgeable. More important, they indicated a  low capability to adapt. If Atlantis and I hadn’t neutralized them,  they would have ended up endangering us.”

“And the marines?”

The hardest decision of John’s life had been sending a team of Marines after Rodney after he had ‘neutralized’ the scientists.

And then sending another team when the first failed to report back.

Now John had seven dead marines and three more were in the infirmary with dismal prognosis’.

“I asked you not to do that, John. Atlantis asked you as well.”

“Well  forgive me for not rolling over and complying with the wishes of a… “  John’s voice broke off. Even he had a hard time with the v-word in  reference to Rodney. “With your wishes and that of a whacked out AI.”

“Marines are… replaceable.”

“The fuck, McKay.”

“I’m sorry, but it’s true, John. And I did ask you not to send anyone after me. Atlantis told you what would happen if you did.”

John didn’t know how much of Rodney’s… emotional degeneration was due to his condition and how much was due to Atlantis.

As the virus turned Rodney, increasing his speed and strength, it affected his mental acuity and emotional responses as well.

It made him smarter.

They  had joked at first that they didn’t believe it was possible. John had  teased Rodney about it saying that he thought Rodney once said there  wasn’t room for improvement, but clearly there was.

As Rodney’s intellect and physical prowess increased, he became less Rodney.

John  had always thought that Rodney’s neurosis and quirks were a product of  his extraordinary intelligence and perhaps to extent, they were. But as  the virus spread through his system, it stripped away Rodney’s  insecurities, cleaved off his neurosis, carved at his inhibitions and  social awkwardness, turning Rodney into the perfect predator.

Now  there was nothing holding Rodney’s stunning intellect back. No physical  limitations, no social compunctions, no fearful hesitations. Just  clear, cold calculations and logic.

He had only the desire to survive and to ensure the survival of what he considered most important.

And that appeared to be John.

Somehow,  Atlantis’ AI had reached out to Rodney. Beckett and Svental were still  trying to determine if it was biological - part of the virus opening up  his neural pathways that enabled her, Atlantis, to connect to Rodney -  or if it was their shared compulsion to keep John safe at all costs. 

Beckett  was trying to figure out a way to stop Rodney without killing him,  still hopeful he might be able to possibly reverse the virus. Zelenka  was trying to get into the mainframe, access the AI and see if he could  hack it.

They tried locking Rodney up, Atlantis freed him.

John couldn’t risk putting him under guard. He was too afraid of what Rodney would do to get free.

John’s job was to keep Rodney away from the central spires of Atlantis. Keep Rodney, and Atlantis, occupied.

The  easiest way to do that was for John to leave the central area and  branch out into the farther, unexplored areas of the city.

Rodney would follow.

If only to keep him safe.