s when they knew for certain.'

'Knew what?' Narcissa asks.

'That he was a Squib,' Bellatrix hisses, eyes darting towards the door as if she's afraid that someone will overhear them.

Narcissa feels her eyes go wide. She's heard of Squibs before, of course, but she hadn't thought that there could be any in a family like theirs. The Blacks are purebloods with a line stretching back for generations. 'What happened to him?'

Bella makes a terrible face. 'Just look at the family tree, the next time we visit Aunt Walburga. Gone.'

Bellatrix sweeps out of the room before Narcissa can ask any more questions, pausing only to say ominously, 'Once in a while, Cissy, even the best bloodlines produce a sport.'

Later, in bed, Narcissa whispers to Andromeda, 'What if you turned out to be a Squib? What would you do?'

'You'd have to become a Muggle, I s'pose,' Andromeda says practically. 'Live in their world.'

Narcissa shudders. She knows she has no real need to worry: she's already performed a couple of small charms, even managed to turn Andromeda's ears green. But she can't quite shake the image of the pale, mewling thing born in Argos' last litter. Their mother had curled her lip in disgust and ordered the house-elves to dispose of it. Is that what happened to Uncle Marius, too? Or was he just kept somewhere, hidden away while his brothers and sisters went away to Hogwarts and then out into the real world?

Narcissa has nightmares for a week, dreaming of her mother's pale, disgusted face and the sensation of walls closing in.

Her Hogwarts letter arrives, of course, just as it did for Bella before her. The crisp green lines of ink glisten brightly, promising a new life, the one Narcissa was born to. For the rest of the summer, her dreams are of the friends she'll make at Hogwarts; the wide, open halls filled with new people to meet.

When she makes the walk from the dais to the Slytherin table - conscious of Bella's bright, exultant gaze - it's even more exhilarating than she'd dreamed. Narcissa takes her seat among her new housemates, under the house banners. Their shining green and silver recalls the promise of the letter: growth and strength and vitality. It feels right, like stepping into a robe made especially for her.

It's not until much later that Narcissa realises she was actually stepping into a trap.

Surprisingly, it's not Draco's father who first tells him about the Hogwarts letters. It's Theodore Nott.

They're both seven years old, crouched in a hidden corner of the gardens which Draco considers his own. It's tucked away behind the folly, a little patch filled with wild-looking ferns and towering shrubs perfect for hiding in. Draco supposes the house-elves go there sometimes - although it's wild, it's an intentional sort of wildness - but they don't count.

'Everyone who can do magic gets a letter,' Theodore tells him. 'And then on the first day, they sort you into your houses.'

'Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Hufflepuff,' Draco says. He already knows all about the houses, and the stories of their founders. 'Slytherin is the best. He was the most powerful of all the Founders.'

Theodore looks thoughtful. 'I don't know. Slytherin was powerful, but he was on his own in the end. I wouldn't mind being in Ravenclaw: they're the cleverest house. Besides, you can't be sure where the Hat will put you.'

'All the Malfoys have been Slytherins,' Draco insists. He doesn't like the way Theodore sometimes makes him feel: shaky and off balance, like all the things he knows might not be true.

'All the Blacks were, too, until your cousin Sirius,' Theodore points out.

Draco squirms a little. They don't talk about Sirius. Even if he did (Draco's father says) finally behave like a Black and get rid of the Potters, that was also the night that the Dark Lord disappeared. Besides, everyone knows Sirius is insane.

'I bet you can't beat me in a race,' Draco says instead, and jumps to his feet, determined to get to the best broom before Theodore.

He puts the conversation out of his mind, and it's not until his Hogwarts letter arrives that he thinks of it again. He tears open the letter and waves it excitedly at his parents. 'It's here! I'm going to Hogwarts!'

Draco's mother smiles proudly, and even his father curls his lips briefly before saying repressively, 'That's enough, Draco.'

Draco remembers himself and calms down, studying the shining green script of the letter.

'I suppose you're right that it's politic to send him to Hogwarts,'
She feels sixteen again, the shy smalltown girl who'd found it weird to hear him call soda 'pop'. "I work - I've been working for the Chicago Tribune."

"But not any more?" Dean asks, always quick to hit on the things she doesn't say.

"I've been thinking of a change," she explains. "Going freelance, maybe."

He nods, thoughtful, then suddenly and unexpectedly engulfs her in a hug. "It's really good to see you, Rory."

"You too," she says when he's released her, and it really, really is. She feels five years worth of news and questions bubbling up inside her, but she can't find a place to start, just stands there awkwardly.

"So, this is Rory?" the stall owner - Cassie - says finally. She rolls her eyes at Dean when he still makes no move to introduce her, and holds out her hand to Rory. "I'm Cassie."

"Sorry, Cassie." Dean gives her a quick hug, pressing a kiss to her cheek. "I was just so surprised to see Rory. You mind if the two of us take off for a while?"

He turns to Rory. "Do you have time? It would be good to catch up."

She mumbles her assent, and Dean grins, wicked glint in his eye. "I can show you a good place for round cakes."

Rory ends up with a square cake, actually - a slab of shortbread with thick caramel oozing out from under the hard chocolate topping. Dean gets a doughnut, raspberry jelly spurting out from its heart when he takes a bite. Dean looks pretty much the same - broader, now, finally grown into his lanky frame, and subtly different in a way that reminds her of all the ways she's changed in the last five years, but still recognisably the same boy she knew.

"So," he asks, wiping a smudge of jelly off his lip with his thumb. "What have you been doing? I heard about the campaign trail job, but I kind of lost track after that."

"I got a job in Washington after that -" she begins, and then checks herself. "No, wait, tell me about you. I never even heard you'd left Stars Hollow."

"Yeah, I got a scholarship out of community college." Dean ducks his head, looking pleased and embarrassed at the same time. "Landscape architecture. And then there was a job here, so... It's all gone pretty well."

"Dean!" Rory flings her arms around him, forgetting her awkwardness in her surprise and pleasure. "That's great!"

He smells the same, spicy boy-scent of him discernible now in the warm cafe, and it's hard to pull away, but there's only so long she can hold on before it becomes weird.

"What else is happening with you?" she forces herself to ask.

"Not much, really." Dean deposits the last bite of his doughnut on her plate and breaks off a piece of her shortbread. "My contract here's nearly up, and they've offered me another one, but... I'm not sure."

Rory waits, readying herself to hear about his wife, his kids, how the school system's better some other place.

"I'd like to work on some different kinds of projects," he says instead. "I love it here, but the city's the main customer for the firm I'm working for. I've been thinking about going someplace I can take on some more personal projects, maybe starting my own business. It's kind of scary, but now's the time, while I'm still young and I've only got myself to worry about."

Rory lets out a breath she didn't know she was holding. If there was  a wife and kids, he'd have mentioned them by now. "I know what you mean," she agrees.

"Yeah?" Dean leans back in his chair, and Rory's eyes follow the line of his torso, narrowing down to those long legs.

She jerks her gaze back to his face. "Sorry, what?"

"I was asking why you're going freelance." If Dean noticed her looking, his face gives no sign of it. "I thought you'd be a staffer on CNN by now."

"I want to try something different," she says. She doesn't know where to start with explaining her career and the way it's taken a completely different shape to the one she expected. Mitchum Huntsberger had been wrong when he'd said she didn't have what it took to be a journalist - Rory's good at her job - but maybe he hadn't been completely wrong. Because working as a staffer on a newspaper, or even television journalism... it doesn't give her much room for the kinds of stories she wants to tell
this is a really bad idea - but then Jensen rests his hand on his chest, warm reassurance, and asks, 'You OK, man?', and this is Jensen, who wouldn't so much as breathe on him without permission. It's still kind of scary, but Jensen strokes his hand across Jared's skin, rubs his thumb against the tip of one nipple, and suddenly all Jared's reservations are forgotten, because this is the hottest fucking thing he's ever felt.

He swallows and says, 'I'm cool.'

Jensen looks him in the eye for one long moment, then grins suddenly, an echo of the trademark Dean grin he'd given while snapping the cuff closed that morning. Jared knows this is all Jensen, though: amusement and naked lust mingled with something softer. Next thing he's leaning down to give Jared the hottest goddamn kiss they've ever shared, and fuck it's worth doing this just for that kiss alone.

Jensen kisses him for a long time, sucking and biting at his bottom lip, fucking his mouth with his tongue until Jared's whimpering with lust. Instinctively he tries to bring his hands down to cup Jen's head, seeking to deepen the kiss, wanting to run his fingers across the stubbled skin of Jensen's jaw, but when he moves he's brought up short by the cuffs. He lets out a little moan of frustration and Jensen pulls away with a laugh. 'Sorry, man, tonight I get to run the show.'

He kneels on the bed, looking down at Jared with half-lidded eyes. The lamp casts light and shadow across his body, picking out the tiny hairs in gold, and Jared aches to run his hands across that skin. He writhes again, pulling against the cuffs.

'Please, Jen, so beautiful, you gotta let me touch you.'

Jensen flushes, mixed embarrassment and lust darkening his skin, and his cock twitches against his belly. He shifts closer to Jared, almost close enough to touch, but makes no move towards the cuffs. Jared gives him a pleading look and he smirks.

'Hell no, I'm not uncuffing you. You look so fucking pretty, stretched out for me... maybe I'll just look at you all night.'

His voice is low and hoarse with lust, sending shivers through Jared's body. Jared's on the point of begging, except his throat's suddenly too dry to let him speak, because Jensen's moving his hands across his own body, skimming across smooth, freckled skin before he slides one hand down to wrap around his cock.

'Maybe I won't fuck you at all; maybe I'll just bring myself off, come all over your fucking gorgeous face, lick my come off your skin...' His voice gets lower and breathier as he strokes his cock: slow, twisting movements that have Jared bucking his own hips in sympathy.

Jared's cock is harder than he would've believed possible, hot against his belly, and his breathing's so shallow that he's beginning to think he might pass out. He closes his eyes, because watching Jensen jerking himself with that look in his eyes is just too hot to bear when he's held down like this. Then, thank god - thank Jensen - he feels warm skin next to his; hot, wet lips closing on his neck. Jensen sucks and licks up and down his body, hard enough to leave marks, nipping at the sensitive flesh at the curve of Jared's hip until Jared's reduced to incoherent cries and moans.

When Jensen pulls away, Jared thinks he's going to tease again, and he's almost crying at the thought, because he needs to be touched. Then warm hands are spreading his legs, and suddenly Jensen's there, face buried in the crease of Jared's thigh. His nose nudges against Jared's balls, and he inhales deeply and lets out a soft moan. 'You smell so fucking good, Jared.'

Then he bites down on the flesh of Jared's thigh, laughing when Jared yelps and bucks his hips. Jensen takes another deep breath and then ohgodohgodyes suddenly his mouth seems to be everywhere, hot and wet around Jared's balls, tongue sliding up to lick at his cock and then back down, lower and lower still. He feathers the tip across Jared's perineum and then sweetJesusandallhisangels drives it into his ass, hard and pointed and so fucking slick. Jared lets out a strangled scream, so high he can hardly hear it himself, twisting into Jen's touch. He surges up off the bed, tugging against the cuffs, but he's not trying to get away any more, because this is fucking amazing and he doesn't think he has enough control over his own limbs to touch Jensen now even if his hands were free.

Jensen slides a finger in beside his tongue, reaches the other hand round to grab Jared's dick, fucking him open with hands
soothing, and then his hand slips down further, fingers teasing at the elastic of her panties. He pushes them down, presses kisses to her neck and the side of her face as he breathes into her ear, 'So beautiful, baby, let us see you, let me show him.'

Her panties fall to the floor and Sandy steps out of them, gives a little shimmy away from Jared so that she can kick the wisp of lace clear. Her gaze falls on Jared's feet and she laughs out loud as she sees that he's still wearing his socks, one toe poking through at the side where he always rubs a hole.

'That's our boy,' says Jensen from behind her, laughter in his voice. She glances back to meet his eyes and they share a look of amusement, united in their mingled exasperation and fondness for Jared. It's just like any other time they've shared a joke together, and it buoys Sandy up.

'Take them off him,' she instructs. It's meant to sound jokey, but it comes out firm and commanding instead. She's rewarded by Jensen dropping to his knees in front of Jared, lifting each foot carefully to pull the socks off and pressing a kiss to the arch of each foot. Jensen's face is serious and softened, almost worshipful, and he somehow manages to make something as ridiculous as taking socks off into one of the hottest things Sandy's ever seen.

When Jared's hand comes out to rest lightly on Jensen's hair, caressing, it makes Sandy want to keep Jensen there on his knees.

'Touch him.' Her throat is dry, voice thin and breathless. She swallows and tries again. 'I want you to - to suck him.'

Jared groans at her words, and then again, louder and deeper, as Jensen licks a long stripe up his cock and then takes it in his mouth. Sandy watches him work his tongue against the knot of nerves on the underside, lips glistening pink and swollen as Jared rubs up against them. She's always loved sucking Jared's cock, and when Jensen's head dips lower, wringing a whimper from Jared, her mouth waters with the desire to feel it in her own mouth.

She moves to stand behind Jensen instead, wrapping herself around his naked back and biting at his neck so that they're melded together, moving against Jared as one. Sandy works her way down Jensen's back, kissing and nipping at him till there's a trail of marks red across his skin. She pauses when she gets to the base of his spine, brushing her lips lightly against the thin dusting of hair there before slipping her tongue quicksilver swift into the cleft of his ass. She's rewarded by Jensen whimpering around Jared's cock, and an answering moan from Jared as he clutches convulsively at Jensen's hair.

Sandy pulls away, wetness pooling hot between her legs, and makes for the bed. She sinks back against the sheets and runs her hand across her belly, reaching down to dip in the moisture and smear it slick across her clit. Jared has his head thrown back, muscles shifting across his torso as he works his hips, thrusting up against Jensen. Jensen holds him steady, hands curving round to hold his ass tight and open.

Sandy lets out a little cry, because it's just beautiful, and Jared turns his face towards her at the sound. His eyes track the motion of her arm, registering the spread of her legs.

This is familiar, because Jared's always liked to watch, and Sandy brings her fingers up to her lips, lets Jared register the glisten of moisture before she sucks them into her mouth. She sees his eyes flash heat in response, and he thrusts up once, hard, into Jensen's mouth, fingers tightening across his skull. Then he pulls back, cupping Jensen's face with one hand and slipping a thumb into his mouth in order to pull him away from his cock. Jensen whines in protest, looking up at Jared pleadingly, and Jared rubs soothingly across his jaw.

'Look at her,' Jared whispers, low and sexy. 'We're leaving our girl out, Jensen.'

Jensen turns to look, still on his knees at Jared's feet. Something sparks in his eyes when he sees Sandy touching herself. 'Seems to me we're the ones being left out,' he says, voice rough.

Jared laughs and holds out his hand to heave Jensen to his feet. They sway there for a moment, eyes glazed with lust, and then they're both on the bed, hands and mouths on Sandy's body before she can even figure out how it was they got from one stage to the other. It's overwhelming: she can't react, can't do anything except lie there and let herself feel it, Jared's familiar hands sliding over her breasts while Jensen's trail down her belly, smaller and more tentative. Sandy's breath catches
'She's right! Everybody's dead! This whole world's dead for no reason!' 

River's freaking out, screaming and raving, and Jayne's voice has a level of scared that Zoe's never heard in it before. It couldn't ever be said that he's a thinking man, but she can tell he's thinking now, imagining a thousand things too horrible for words, same way they all are. She and Mal are both tense, poised for action, but there's no enemy here that Zoe can see, just acres of shiny white prosperity filled up with slow death.

Zoe wishes like hell she was back in the army.

She'd never, not in a million years, have thought that she could miss anything about that valley of death, where blood and fire and horror had rained down on them all without respite. She'd fought her way through that war without ever giving herself a moment to think about anything except dodging the next bullet; sticking to Mal and following orders had replaced all the thinking and debating and doubt she'd been partial to before the war. Doubt got you killed: the only way was to keep on, stick to your guns. Once it was over she'd locked all that up in a dark corner of herself and sworn never to revisit it again.

Now she's standing here under the bleaching light of a world gone wrong and thinking that there's worse things after all than fighting in a war you've got no chance of winning.

Because through all that horror, they'd been an army . True, they might have been serving under generals who barely knew they existed, but there'd been the mission. A soldier's job was to follow orders, and damnit if Zoe hadn't followed orders. Truth was, by the end it was her and Mal issuing the orders, but Mal had chosen to carry that burden. Zoe had followed Mal, and carried others along with her as best she could. And if the whole thing made her sick to her stomach by the end, well. At least their soldiers had chosen  to fight in that war.

Zoe stands there amidst her crewmates and knows none of them chose this. She's no doubt the Alliance is painting them as some kind of guerilla army, when the truth is all they've done is run and keep on running. Now there's nowhere left to run, nothing left to do but turn and fight. And maybe that wouldn't be so bad, except there's nothing here to fight. No chance of going down in battle, just death and menace pressing down on them from all sides. And Mal is leading this mission, just like he's led every mission she's ever been on, but there are no orders to be had now, not even the kind you make up just so's you can keep breathing for another couple of hours. She still believes in him, she truly does, because she can see how all their choices led to the day where this was the only place they could have ended up, but she can tell he's lost for words now. If even Mal can't find the orders which will keep them pushing on, keep them breathing for another day, they're humped.

Jayne's words hang in the air for what seems an age. And then, miraculously, Wash speaks.

'Let's get to the beacon.'

He's resolute in a way she hasn't seen since the day he insisted on walking right back into Niska's lair, and Zoe realises that for Wash, this is  a mission. He's quibbled and doubted and flouted Mal's orders through a million jobs, but now at last he's the one who sees the clear path while she's still looking for any kind of route at all. There's a distress beacon out there somewhere, so they have to get to it. They none of them expect to find anything alive on this godforsaken planet, but Zoe knows that that's not the concern for her husband. There's a call for help? Then they answer it.

What they do then is up to them.
says a third time, and breaks into a smile. "You - Santa's been! This is Christmas!"

"It traditionally is Christmas on the 25th," Jensen observes dryly, but he's ridiculously relieved. This is his Christmas too, and it would really suck to have gone to all this trouble and then find that Jared hated it.

Jared just keeps on grinning. "This is awesome. How did you get all this done, man?"

"Just a little Christmas magic," Jensen says airily, but he can feel a warmth spreading through his chest, and it really does feel like Christmas magic. He's grinning back at Jared, goofily, and maybe a little too enthusiastic, and he suddenly feels the need to busy himself with the breakfast things.

Jared sits down and eats about a gazillion pancakes, talking nonstop between bites about how his mom always cooks pancakes for Christmas breakfast, and the way she always used to make a special pancake for each of the kids, dripping the batter in a pattern to make a pancake person. Jensen just sits back and lets him run, enjoying himself more than he has for days. He realizes that this - bouncy, hyperactive Jared - fills a gap in him that he hadn't even realized he had.

It's only when all the pancakes are eaten that Jared quietens down again, fiddling with his fork and pouring swirls of syrup in elaborate curlicues on his plate. He won't quite meet Jensen's eye, and the conversation falters and stops.

"You gonna open your presents?" Jensen says finally, because Jared won't quite look at those either, although they're pretty hard to miss, half of them wrapped in the purple sparkly paper Jensen had picked out for Mackenzie's gifts and the rest in the hideous green and orange that they'd wrapped Tom and Mikey's gag gifts in.

Jared flushes and looks even more unhappy. "I didn't... Jensen, I wasn't expecting any of this. I haven't got a gift for you."

Jensen actually laughs out loud, because if that's the cause of Jared's current slump then he can definitely live with it.

Jared looks even more miserable. "I'm really sorry. I suck as a friend, man."

"Dude, wait till you see the gifts before you start beating yourself up," Jensen says. "They're not exactly Santa's finest. Anyway, I'm totally making you wash all the dishes for the next forever."

Jared relaxes a little bit, and Jensen reassures him, "It's no big deal, seriously. I don't need a gift. But I'm gonna be pissed if you don't open these after I've worked my ass off making sure the Grinch didn't steal Christmas."

Jared pulls the first gift towards him - one of the purple sparkly ones with a pink fluffy bow Jensen found in the bottom of the box of decorations. Sadie yips excitedly when he opens it and pulls out an extra-large doggie biscuit.

"Couldn't let the kids go without a Christmas present," Jensen tells him seriously.

Jared laughs. "I just hope you haven't been playing favorites."

"Never," Jensen promises solemnly. "I mean, Sadie knows that the way to my heart is not to put wet paws on my bed, which counts for a lot, but I don't wanna give Harley self-esteem issues."

Jared grins more and opens the orange and green package Jensen indicates, pulling out one of Harley's favorite chew treats. "Equal treatment is key," he says solemnly.

"It sure is," Jensen agrees, and pushes across the package of cookies for Jared. He had some trouble figuring out how to wrap it up - Mackenzie had made cute little boxes when she did hers, but he didn't have anything like that. In the end he'd cannibalized the box of Lucky Charms, doing his best to get the gift-wrap around it without smooshing all the cookies in the process.

"Thanks, man," Jared says around about three cookies. "My self esteem was getting a little bruised, for sure."

Jensen steals a cookie from the box - he's just eaten his own bodyweight in pancakes and bacon, but it's not really Christmas without making yourself sick on sugar.

It doesn't take long for Jared to open the rest of his presents - a mix CD that Jensen stayed up way too late to make, and a fresh can of shaving cream in honor of the Winchesters. Jensen had considered a porn mag, but the only - ahem - fresh one he has is one that he suspects Jared would be decidedly uninterested in. Despite the fact they live in each other's pockets, that's a conversation that Jensen's so far avoided having to have with Jared. After all, for most of the time they've known each other they've both had girlfriends.

Jared leans back in his chair and sighs with contentment.
, he's Joseph, who flirts with all the girls and allows their mamas to feed him up. Scott in New York attends wild parties and goes home with a different boy every night. When he's tired of both, he makes the journey back to Scotland, visits art galleries and museums in the guise of shy, quiet Geoffrey.

He writes letters about his travels, describing the adventures he's been having. At first he sends them to everyone, remembers birthdays and anniversaries, keeps in touch with everyone who made it through the war. There's something slightly unsettling about writing to people who would no longer recognise him in the street, though. Out of sight out of mind, so the saying goes, and judging by how few owls he receives in reply, it's true enough.

Gradually he stops writing to everyone but Neville.

He's having a pint in a pub in London when a red-haired girl approaches him, saying she feels as if she knows him but can't quite place him.

'What's your name?' she asks, and he starts to say 'Harry'. Before the word is half out of his mouth he sees her gaze start to slip, her mind unable to hold onto the name.

'James,' he finds himself saying instead.

'James,' she says, smiling. 'That's a nice name. I'm Emily.'

Somehow he ends up going home with her at the end of the night, and then doesn't get around to leaving again. They settle into a quiet routine together: cooking and talking and making love. Playing house. Harry imagines that this was how his mum and dad must have lived, once upon a time, and when Emily starts dropping hints about meeting her family, leafing ostentatiously through books on weddings and babies, he goes along with it. She's not serious, not really - it's only a few months since they first ran into each other - but it's a nice dream.

One day he picks up one of the books himself, one that lists names and their meanings. He flicks idly through until he finds a page she's marked.

James: from the Hebrew meaning 'supplanter' 

He stares at the words for a long time. Then he puts the book down, carefully, and walks out of the house.

He goes back to travelling, never staying more than a couple of nights in one place. Sometimes he tries telling people the truth about who he is, but it never works. They laugh in his face, or are struck mysteriously deaf, or just forget to see him at all. Eventually he gives up, takes to changing names as often as he changes his clothes, and sometimes more often.

It gets harder and harder to remember who he's supposed to be. He stops talking to people, except for the few words it takes to pick guys up in the sleazy clubs he's taken to frequenting. He doesn't bother to ask their names, and they don't ask his, just fuck him hard and frantic. Once he hears one of them gasp out a name as he comes, and Harry understands that it's not even his body the guy's seeing.

It's after one of these anonymous encounters that Harry finds that he's been robbed. He stumbles bleary-eyed out of his hotel room, intending to pay for another night, and reaches for his wallet to discover that it's not there. Most of his money's in Muggle bank accounts, since Gringotts wouldn't recognise him as Harry Potter, and the wallet is - was - stuffed full of credit cards in other people's names.

'I - I don't seem to have my wallet,' he says in bewilderment.

'Perhaps you dropped it,' the receptionist says brightly. 'There are a couple in lost property. What's the name?'

Harry opens his mouth to speak, and realises he has no idea.

'It's a secret,' he says, and starts laughing uncontrollably, long, gasping laughs that fill up the room.

The receptionist stares at him in horror, backing away.

He stops laughing. 'It's a secret,' he says again, quietly this time. Then he turns and runs, Apparating away as soon as he's out of her line of sight.

He wanders for a few days, drifting from place to place and - when he remembers to eat - stealing food. Eventually he finds himself near Ron and Hermione's flat, although he had no intention of going there. But he's always gone to them when he was in trouble, and apparently it's hard to break the habit of a lifetime. He can't quite bring himself to knock on the door, though, so he just lingers out in the street, waiting for one of them to pass by. He's there for hours, shivering in the rain, before Hermione appears, walking briskly along with bags of shopping.

'