it turns out that inland-side of the Mountains (he refuses to call them blue because they’re not) hasn’t been zombie-fied yet.

They stay the night, Jared gets totally wasted, and they arrive back with a car full of cheese, bread, apples, and wine; to find out that twelve of their fifty three took their last bus and went down to –

Well, that’s the thing.  No one actually knows.

Jared’s theory is that it’s some sort of mass suicide.

He doesn’t say it because Fiona told him last week that she had sort of a thing for the guy (twenty seven, architecture student) whose idea it was.

 

~~~~~

 

Jared tries to kiss Fiona once, after imbuing enough of not-unalcoholic drink to make him think it’s a good idea.

She turns her head, looks at him with a sort of resigned amusement-pity-confusion thing going on, and calmly says something about age.

It is the awkward to end all awkwards.

Later, he blames it on the alcohol,.  She accepts the excuse, and they both continue in the mutual understanding that he was lying though his teeth.

~~~~~


Hi everyone,



Eurgh okay I have no idea what to say, seriously, see Raine this is why you should have done this instead of me.  (Btw yeah Raine and Ara are still alive too, see, we be awesome.)



What I want to say, I guess, is that we’re alive.  Also in the Netherlands, but whatever.  You’re obviously alive.  The human race is still happening, peeps.



Get back to me if you can xx and till then, wood, cold, dark and fire.  



That’s how we’re going to totally win this war.  Apocalypse.  Whatever.



More coming later, but till then,



<3, Lia.


Fiona shows the text to Jared wordlessly.

He reads it, but doesn’t realise till he gets to the end and looks up to see her eyes suspiciously watery that it’s the first message she’s gotten from anyone she knows.

Awesome, your friends haven’t been torn to pieces feels too sardonic and bitter, I’m glad for you is just not him, and stop crying sounds like a line from the Douchebag’s Book of Douchebagness.

Jared sticks with “please don’t tell me you have a friend named after the weather.”

She scoffs, rolls her eyes, launches into an explanation, and he sits back, content in the understanding that they’re all good.

 

~~~~~

 

When he walks into Fiona’s room (which would have sounded and felt fucking creepy nine months ago before the world became a B-grade movie) she’s on speakerphone, talking in between mouthfuls of crackers and Vegemite.

Jared still doesn’t understand who the fuck invented Vegemite, and why.

He’s about to say hello when someone unfamiliar on the other side of the phone starts talking; figuring they’d hear him if he said anything, he taps Fiona on the shoulder to warn her he’s there (in case it’s something sacred and feminine that they’re talking about).

When he actually tunes into the conversation to hear “OMFG, Jared fucking Leto?” he wishes he had said something.

Fiona shrugs helplessly at him as someone else on the other end says “calm, Lia, caaaalm.”  This voice, he knows; Raine, the poor girl cursed with dyslexic parents (Fiona gives him looks when he insists on calling her that but it’s so true, he can’t just not acknowledge it.)

Lia, he hasn’t talked to yet, but he’s heard enough about her.

Enough to make him wonder just what Tom fucking Hiddleston would think if he was listening in.

“You know, Lia, if I didn’t know better, I’d be quite offended,” a terribly familiar voice says dryly over the sound of a door opening.

Okay, so now he does know.

Not that Jared cares what fucking Loki thinks of him.

(But he loved those movies.)

Your friends are crazy, he mouths exaggeratedly to Fiona, who mouths back with even more gusto, I know, right? over the sounds of quiet conversation between Hiddleston

“But seriously, Fio, nice work,” ‘Lia’ continues, as though Fiona cursed him to get dumped on a train with no phone and the mother of all hangovers.  “Oh my god, Ara, Fio is with Jared fucking Leto!”

“It’s nice to be back alive too, Lia,” and Fiona hasn’t been kidding about the emptiness in that voice.  “Hi Fio, and I’d totally react with outrage or something but.  Um.  Someone remind me who Jared Leto is?”

“…Tom.  Deal with her.  I can’t even – just. Nope.  No comment.”

“Oh my god, Lia,” Fiona says with amusement (but Jared can detect the slightest hint of annoyance in her tone), “it’s not
John sighs, leaning his back against the wall, close to the corner of the room so as to avoid as much attention as is humanly possible, while still being able to keep an eye on Sherlock so he’ll know just when he gets sick of mouthing niceties and starts telling truths.

It’s one of those dreary, horrifically monotonous dinner parties that Sherlock, and by extension, John, always gets invited to; by which John means that Sherlock is invited and, in an attempt to outrage as many conservative rich bigots as possible, drags John along as his date, touching him more than often and violating his personal space in ways that would have discomfited him six months ago (and John isn’t sure what to think of them now, but-)

“How’s the party, John?” Sherlock whispers in his ear, soft and caressing.

Without looking, John turns slightly and punches Sherlock in the stomach; not hard, but enough to elicit a wince of pain and a muttered gasp of “that was really quite unnecessary.”

“So was sneaking up on me for the millionth time, you moron,” John replies flatly, settling back against the relative comfort of his wall.  “What do you want?”

No response, which isn’t really surprising.

What is surprising is that, when John glances across, Sherlock isn’t there anymore; normally when he comes to bother John at functions like this, he’s more persistent than this.

“I’m not going to go look for him,” John tells himself.

He lasts all of about five minutes.

 

~

 

“Fondue.”

“Yes John, oddly enough I noticed,” Sherlock says sharply – or at least, he tries to say sharply, around the chocolate-dipped strawberry shoved with little grace into his mouth.

“Fondue.”

Sherlock glares at him as he chews.

He shakes his head, but the confusion doesn’t seem to be clearing up.  “I’m sorry, you – you wanted to tell me about fondue?”

It comes out a little more incredulous than he’d intended; and sure enough, Sherlock pushes off the wall to straighten to his full height, raising his chin in a far-too familiar look of offended disdain. 

Somehow, John finds himself looking up – not to meet Sherlock’s eyes, but at juice-stained lips. 

“If you-“

John, who’d had to sit through a good hour of Mycroft not-so-subtly threatening him with…something…if he let Sherlock make a scene, already knows where this is going and decides to cut him off as soon as possible.

“No no no,” he says hastily, raising his hands in what is probably far too defensive a gesture.  “I like fondue.  Fondue is good.  I haven’t seen fondue in years.” To emphasise his point he reaches for a strawberry, trying not to turn away from Sherlock as he dips it in chocolate and brings it to his mouth.

John had meant the motion to be a distraction; to pull Sherlock away from whatever ground of righteous annoyance he felt he was entitled to.

But it has been a while since John has had strawberries, and an even longer while since he’s had chocolate (not the crappy one pound chocolate from the store down the street but real, amazing chocolate) and without intending to he finds his eyes fluttering closed as he savours the meld of sweetness and rich, tangy juice in his mouth.

At some point he comes back down to Earth with a jolt of realisation; his eyes snap open and his lips part, because he can feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, dark and strangely intense, the usual grey swirled through with flecks of violet.

“I.  Um.”  He has to say something.  “I thought you weren’t into the whole eating thing.  For fun,” he adds because in all fairness, Sherlock eats.  Sometimes not at all, sometimes all day (and night) but it does happen.  Actually, if someone were bother to average out Sherlock’s eating habits over the past year, John actually thinks it might look like something vaguely resembling normal.

Sherlock doesn’t reply, just stares at him.  Self-consciously, John bites his lip and tastes chocolate (probably what Sherlock’s staring at, the judgemental bastard.)  Without really thinking about what he’s doing, John lets his tongue dart out to lick at the remnants.

When it’s gone, John refocusses on Sherlock – whose eyes flicker away from his mouth just a little too late.  Something flickers in his stomach, unsettling but strangely pleasant, and he can’t help but smile as a slight flush rises in his roommate’s pale cheeks.

“…Sherlock?  Sherlock, are- where are you going?”

“Home.  I’m bored,” Sherlock says loudly, not even bothering to turn around to look at John as people send reproachful glances in his direction.  “Are you coming or not?”

John laughs quietly as he follows.
incomprehensibly, “…gay.  Yeah…”

He trails off into silence, swiveling away from Sam to look back at the totally non-gay, completely and fucking utterly platonic love of his life; who is also no longer staring at Sam, clearly too lost in realisation.

Or maybe confusion.

Like he said before, it's hard to tell with Castiel.

"I'm not...I've never...I'm not gay...?"  Dean repeats.  This time, his voice is very slightly higher, bordering on the verge of panic.

Silence.  Then suddenly, someone calls out - one of Dean's footballer friends, MIke.  "Dude, you stare at Novak's ass like, all the time."

From around them, Sam hears sounds of murmured agreement.

"Yeah!" Anna, Dean's ex, calls out, "and you'd always blow me off to go help him study!"  Actually, Sam's a little surprised anyone would fall for that excuse.  Cas is in like a million advanced classes.  Dean got the hitherto-undiscovered grade of G minus for algebra.

Dean breaks the creepily intense eyelock he's got going on with Cas to swivel in his chair and glare at the entire cafeteria.  "Shut up!"

"Dean."

Pie couldn't get Dean to move as fast as he does at the sound of Cas's voice (and Sam would know, he really would).  "Yeah, Cas?"  Sam's brother's voice trembles - just a little, but more than enough for Sam to feel just a little smug.  

"Is it..." Determination wars with the confusion etched into Cas's face.  And it wins.  "Is this true?"

Sam watches as his brother swallows audibly.  "I..."  He swallows again.  "Um.  Maybe?  I suppose so?"

Slowly, a smile creeps onto Cas's face.  He leans forwards very slightly, and Dean's eyes widen before he does the same.

Finally, Sam thinks as he leans over quietly and grabs his bag and still-full tray that he’s not going to able to eat any more of because Dean might still call him Samantha and give him Barbie dolls for Christmas but he is a teenage boy and thus not cut out for…whatever’s happening behind him.

From the sound of cheers and half-hearted “get a room, fags”, quite a lot.

Gabriel finds Crowley as he hides from Lucifer's minions.

“Well, well, if it isn’t the King of the Crossroads. How’s being a fugitive?”

Crowley rushed to his feet, ready to flee (again, because clearly Lucifer left the Pit in no better a mood than he’d entered it) when he finally recognised the not-man lounging against the door of his latest safe house.

“Oh, it’s you,” he sighed, slumping back into his chair and rubbing his forehead to get rid of that horrible half-headache that meant his current meatsuit had been about as freaked out as he was.

A brief look of indignation crossed the Archangel Gabriel’s face, not-there wings flaring out.  Crowley flinched back and cursed internally for his reaction – not his fault he was more than a little nervous about archangel wings.  Flaring.  At him.  Aggressively.

Fucking Lucifer.

The worst thing was that Gabriel clearly picked up on his discomfort.  “Nervous, are we?”

“Your brother’s been sending his minions after me for the past three weeks, I’m sure you’d be nervous too,” Crowley growled.  “How did you find me, anyway?  This whole place is rigged with angel wards.”

Gabriel shrugged, coming forwards to fling himself onto the tiny, sagging couch opposite from Crowley’s chair.  “Hello, Trickster?  How do you think I managed to avoid Michael and Raphael for the last seven thousand years?”

“Fair point.”  Leaning forwards to grab the bottle of Scotch, Crowley eyed the label critically.  Cheap, but the best he could find while on the run from every demon looking to get on Lucifer’s good side (i.e. all of them).  “So what do you want?”

The archangel’s eyes followed the movement of his hand as Crowley carefully poured himself a glass.  “And don’t bother,” Crowley added as Gabriel opened his mouth.  “Stuff’s shit anyway, and it’s not like you can get drunk.”

Another shrug.  “Just wanted to check up my old mate Crowley, dontcha know,” Gabirel replied nonchalantly.  “Heard about your deal with the Winchesters, heard my bro was out to get you, wanted to catch up.  It’s been a while – haven’t seen you since…when was it…?”

“Romania, ’76,” Crowley responded easily, turning the angel’s words – Winchesters, why would he bring that up? – over in his head as he continued, “Bela Karolyi – biggest waste of a deal, that Comaneci girl would have been fine with or without the…”  Winchesters –
sorrow, regret, guilt, fear, horror, love.

All.

John tilts his head slightly.

“Welcome home, Sherlock” he replies, his own bundle of overpowering grief and joy and despair joining the echoes that Sherlock has left in the spacious room.

 

They don’t embrace.  But somehow, Sherlock finds himself sunk to the floor next to John, just under the stove, fingers entwined despite the good foot of space between them.

“Did you beat him?”

Sherlock nods, knows that despite three years, nine months and twenty five days, John will still register the movement as easily as he always has, as though when Sherlock moves he does too, just like Sherlock fancies he’s felt every stroke of Moriarty’s fingers, every thrust of his hips.

“Hmm.”  John’s fingers tighten slightly.  “Good.”

“Will you leave him?”

“No.”

He expected that, but it hurts just the same.

“Alright.”

For three torturous, blissful minutes, he lets himself absorb the warmth of John’s skin, the solid strength of his muscles.  And then he pushes himself to his feet, looks down at his former roommate.  “I’d best be gone before Moriarty gets back.”

John nods.  “Fair enough.  I’ll see you out.”

They don’t say another word till they’re at the door and Sherlock turns to face his best friend with nothing to say, nothing on his lips or in his mind at all.

The shorter man’s forehead creases in a frown, frustrated but amused with a surprising lightness that warms Sherlock’s heart in a way that nothing has in almost four years.  “Bugger this.”

And then he reaches up, yanks Sherlock down to meet his lips too, too briefly.

“Dinner tomorrow at that Italian place you took me to that first night?” John asks gruffly.

What about Moriarty? Sherlock means to ask.  It’s not safe, he wants to add.  You don’t want me, rises to his lips, a bitter accusation that he knows isn’t true except in a very specific, slight way that still rends at his heart.

Instead, he says “Alright.  Eight o’clock?”

“Don’t be late,” John smiles wearily, as though he’s sure Sherlock will be late anyway, the way he always is.

He doesn’t close the door till Mycroft’s car has turned the car, Sherlock knows.  Hates John for it, almost as much as he loves him.

“Hello, Sherlock,” Moriarty says when Sherlock walks through the door shirtless, torn bloodied (useless) remnants of purple fabric clenched tight in his hand.  “We should talk,” smiles the ex-arch criminal (at least in Britain, for Moriarty no doubt has networks in America and Australia and Asia that Sherlock has neither time nor effort to spend disrupting.)

(Three years to permanently shatter Moriarty’s hold in Britain and Western Europe.  Three years and a lifetime of possibilities, of happiness – destroyed.)

The first thing Sherlock notes is the clothing: the exact image of Jim-from-I.T’s, down to the underwear.  There’s enough of a stir within him (anger, amusement, weariness) at the sheer audacity of that to register on his face.

Moriarty raises an eyebrow.  “Surprised to see me?”

Sherlock, who has been anticipating this visit with a peculiar numbness that is so very different to the lethargic high drugs used to provide, acknowledges his arch-nemesis (former arch-nemesis?  Hard to know) with little more than a slight nod of his head before heading to the large box he’s using for his clothes.  John used to badger him till he capitulated and folded them (or else, would just lose patience and do it himself).

There’s no John Watson at Baker Street anymore, though.  No one to complain, and just for that Sherlock throws the damaged cloth into the bin.

“You’re looking for a shirt?” the man asks with some amusement as Sherlock pulls out the first thing he can find.  “I didn’t think you were so shy, darling.”

He’s meant to play, he realises.  He can’t, though.  The last time he saw Moriarty, after all, there was something to fight for.  There was John (and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson but John the most). 

The game isn’t fun anymore, now that there’s no point-

“Oh, don’t do that,” Moriarty says suddenly, with what Sherlock is surprised to hear is real frustration.  It shows on his face, too, when Sherlock turns around; genuine and surprisingly painful to see, that raw emotion etching lines into his face.  “You used to be so much fun.”

Sherlock shrugs as he slips his hands through the arm holes and begins doing up the buttons, slowly and steadily.  “Perhaps,” he says quietly, averting his eyes from the other man.  And then John happened, he thinks but doesn’t
and a half.  Your-“

“Oh, for heaven’s sakes, can someone tell me whatever I’ve been missing?” he finally snaps, sick of all the bickering when he’s spent – really, two years? – being panicked and terrified and, perhaps worst of all, confused.

They all freeze at his outburst, and when they move it’s to fidget awkwardly, with more than a little embarrassment.  Finally Ara sighs.  “Basically, the apocalypse.”

“…Sorry, what?”

“The last two years.  An apocalypse.  Zombie style.  That’s what’s been happening,” Lia says.

He nods slowly, piecing together everything he’s seen, every town he’s passed by and all the things that he’s been running from; the dead bodies he’s left behind, all of it.  “Okay,” he says, and then passes out.

 

~

 

In his defence, malnutrition is a perfectly valid reason to faint mid-conversation.

He’s more than aware of the fact that his ex-girlfriend and other female friend are going to hold this against him till the end of time.  They’re surprisingly light on the teasing, however, as they watch him shovel fruit and soup (apparently he’s not allowed to have any real food till his body’s used to metabolising that) as fast as he can.

“So what happened to you three?” he asks around mouthfuls of food.  “After you left Germany?” It comes out a little less coherent than that, and Ara’s nose wrinkles slightly in disgust, but she doesn’t say anything, glancing at Lia.

“Well, we pretty much did our whole travel thing, and we were here when we saw the news about Australia.  Just haven’t left, I suppose.”

“That was August 2016,” Raine adds.  “And then January last year, Lia picked up-“ She stops abruptly as Lia makes wild hand gestures – more than enough to pique his curiosity, but not strong enough against the seemingly endlessly ravenous hunger that’s still wracking his body.  “Um.  Yeah.  Anyway, a couple of months later in April, we managed to get back into the satellite networks, figured out who’s still alive-“

“Raine!” someone calls from the doorway in a heavily accented voice (European, North European, though that’s as good as his accent detection is right now).  “Call from London!”

“Coming!” she yells back, already pushing back her chair.  “Have fun with the whole apocalypse explanation thing,” she adds as an almost-afterthought to him, running out of the room.

“London?” he asks.

Ara shrugs.  “Meh,” is all she says.

Lia is more forthcoming – “Raine has a boyfriend,” she croons.  Ara raises an eyebrow at her, and for some reason she shuts right up with a subdued, “yeah.”

“So,” Ara continues, turning back to him and taking his now-empty plate – he didn’t notice – from the top of his blanket.  He wants more, but before he can even ask she shakes her head.  “Can’t eat too much,” she says, not unkindly.  “It’ll be the biggest waste when you throw it all back up again.”

Probably true.  Still, logic doesn’t stop his stomach from crying out for nourishment.

“Anyway,” Ara says.  “We’ve got Alice - from our NSG group – down in Antarctica.  They’ve got a full base of operations and practically untouched satellite control because it was way too cold for the zombie virus to even survive at all, let alone infect anyone.  Fiona – again, NSG group, don’t think you remember her – was up in the Blue Mountains till there was this whole tension thing with the zombie government in Australia-“

Zombie…government?”

“Oh yeah,” Lia jumps in, “they can like, think and everything.”

“Malcolm Turnbull’s Prime Minister,” Ara adds.  “Ate Tony Abbot in Parliament,” and he can’t help but scoff at the irony.

“So basically,” Lia says, “all the human peeps have been getting together – that’s how Raine met the London guy, Will, he’s like the Minister for Foreign Affairs or something-“

“Assistant Secretary of Foreign Affairs,” Ara mutters.

“- Whatever.  “And he totally got drunk and told her she was hot last Halloween,”

“Relevant, Lia.”

“- Dude, totally.  And then there was this summit, yeah, like in December, and just after that apparently he found out about this whole plan by NATO-“

“Which still exists,” Ara says drily, “despite the fact that like half the member states are zombie-controlled.”

Lia stops, crosses her arms (he remembers that from their relationship, as long as it’s been since then) and glares at Ara.  “Are you telling this or am I?”

“Fairly sure I was, but go ahead,” the taller girl says,
or even worse, accept them) – and you’d follow.

You’ll follow him into death if need be.

Tom Riddle, you think, sounding out the name in your head.

He glances at you, pinning you with his gaze, and you freeze in your seat.

He smiles slightly, still staring directly at you, before looking away and continuing to speak, though you don’t hear what he’s saying.

You don’t need to.

 


II.


Tom Riddle.

 He fucks you the same way he speaks, the way he does everything.  It’s torturously slow, almost clinical, but underscored by a raging heat that dominates and sets your nerves on fire.

“Tom,” you gasp out when you come, and you’re so dazed that you barely feel him freeze inside of you.

Later, as you’re running fingers over his pale skin, he says quietly, “’Tom’ was my father’s name.  A common, disgusting Muggle name.”

Muggle?  “You’re a half-blood?” and it’s so hard to conceal your tone of disgust, but you think you manage.  It’s impossible, that this man, teeming with power and nobility, could ever be so base.

In one fluid movement, he’s hovering over you, hands to your neck; you choke, gasping desperately for air.

“I might look like him,” he hisses coldly (but his rage is burning and it’s so deliciously painful, you can’t help but want more of it), “but I am Salazar’s heir.  Don’t forget it.”

 


III.



Voldemort.



Lord Voldemort.


Death has never frightened you, but he is your Lord (your master your lover) so you don’t tell him that you preferred the name Tom.

Tom is a lover’s name, Voldemort a master’s.

He still fucks you, but doesn’t stay afterwards; he doesn’t linger in bed, doesn’t let you touch his skin (that’s getting paler and paler even as his eyes lose their incongruous soft brown to what looks disconcertingly like the colour of Gryffindor rubies).

But he still spends time with you, still smiles approvingly when you come up with a new idea to convert the stupid sheep that make up the Wizarding world.

Anything for that.

 


IV.


You don’t start off finding happiness in suffering.  Oh, Andromeda (blood traitor whore but always a Black, always your sister) and Cissy might talk about you killing animals; but never for the pain.  You’re curious – how much blood lost before it’s too much, what the inside of a cat looks like.

They didn’t understand, but your Lord does; he recognises where your talents lie, gives you purpose where nothing else has.  He’s your guiding light, through obsequious Ministry officials wanting nothing more than to be seen with you to raise their miserable social statuses.

 


V.


You don’t find happiness in suffering but you laugh when the Longbottoms scream.  You wish their son was here, their little newborn baby that’s off with his grandmother (not that you’re worrying about that, because the next miserable life on your list is Augusta Longbottom).  You want to tear them apart then put them back together, want to find a way to make sure they die over and over till he comes back and then you’ll kill all these blood traitors together, you and him.

 


VI.


Azkaban makes you crazy, perhaps.

But you’ve been insane since you met him.

And that will never change, you vow, as Dementors steal everything from you that made you want to live (everything but him, nothing can take that, and so when you’re rocking backwards and forwards on your pile of straw, you don’t think about your sisters what sisters only him)

Only him.

 


VII.


It’s the happiest day of your life when you realise you’re going to see him again.


And then you do.


He’s not who (what) you remember (no fire just ice, cold and harsh and unforgiving and he was all of those but so much more and you can’t bring yourself to think that-)

But you’re not what you remember, either.

 


VIII.


Bella.  He still calls you Bella, even if his voice is cold and affectionless, even if he doesn’t smile at you like he used to, even if he doesn’t order you to join him in bed.  He trusts you, even if he doesn’t love you (never loved you), even if he doesn’t want you.

Azkaban has ruined you for him, but nothing can ruin him for you.


Only him.


 


IX.


Your spirit lingers, resisting Death’s call and the choice you have to make.  You see his anger when you fall and something in you smiles. 

When Potter strikes him down, when his body falls broken to the ground, you wait.

Nothing rises from the
to eavesdrop (not that there is any such thing as eavesdropping now.)

“Fiona?  Sorry, is this Fiona Li?”

She stiffens at the sound of the voice, which should be clear and yet sounds like articulated static, something she hasn’t heard since the early days of reception in the City Circle tunnels.

 “Um…yes?” Fiona.  Alice’s friend, then.

Coincidence; because that’s when the door opens behind Ayesha and she can tell it’s Alice from the footsteps (and she probably needs to make more friends, if she has reached the point of identifying her only friend by her footsteps.)

 “Awesome.  Um.  This is Alice.  Alice with a y.  Um, I don’t know if you remember me, we met at Ara’s 18th birthday party? Sorry, I just had your number and it was the only one that worked.”

A hesitation. “Alyce!  How are you?  Where are you?”

“Oh, sh-“ Alice breaks off, as she always does and when Ayesha believed in Allah she used to be gratified.  Now, she’s a mixture of amused and annoyed.

“You-“

The sentence goes unfinished.

“Sydney.”

The footsteps that were heading towards Ayesha stop.  She hears her friend turn and whips her head around in time to see the door close softly.

 “Wow,” Fiona says.  “I’m impressed.  How did you survive?”

It can’t be true.

 “Survive?”

“Yeah, the zombies.”

“Oh.”

Oh.

Ayesha practically bolts from the room, turning her head left before looking right to see Alice’s retreating back turn the corner.

 

~~~~~

 

The door at the end of the corridor is still closing slowly, and Ayesha bursts through it without checking just which door it is.

She wishes she had.

 “It always seems to be your friends, Ms Cheung,” Dr. Seyers, Director General of the base, is in the middle of remarking to Alice when Ayesha stops in the doorway, wide-eyed.  “The Netherlands, New-”

Finally, the man registers her presence and turns, a slight frown crinkling his brow.

“Miss…”  He frowns again.  “I’m terribly sorry, but I can’t seem to recall your name.”

He’s from England.  An Oxford graduate in Physical Oceanography with ten years of work on the Antarctic research facility.  Her eyes scan the room, and in a daze names jump out at her; Michelle Claverie, a French marine biologist whose research was basically the basis for Ayesha’s honours thesis.

“The-“ she stutters, reminded painfully of the first years of learning English, “th-the creatures-“ Some people seated in the large room shift uncomfortably in their seats and Alice’s face is blank.

“You all know,” Ayesha realises with a painful jolt.  She glances at Alice.  “You knew.”  Her tone is accusing and she can’t quell the sickening sense of betrayal, though she doesn’t understand why she’s feeling it. 

Out of the corner of her eye, Ayesha sees Dr. Seyers raise his hands placatingly.  “Now, now, um…” He hesitates.

“Ayesha,” she says tersely.  “My name is Ayesha. You interviewed me for the position.”

“Ah, yes,” the Director General replies hastily.  “Marine biology, am I correct?”  He seems to take her silence for confirmation, because he doesn’t wait for a response.  “Look, Ayesha, this is a very…difficult period.  For all of us.  We have to be careful what we tell everyone.”

“But-“

“We’re scientists, my dear,” he interrupts before she can say anything.  “We monitor the information, but we aren’t politicians, and it is impractical that we should inform interns,” he fairly spits out the word and that is rude, “about every minor development. Yes, it seems the…diseased…retain much of their human-level intelligence.  What do you suggest we do about it?”

Ayesha bites her lip as the doctor looks at her with condescending pity.  He’s right, though it galls her to admit it; though minor development is akin to calling the regime of the Taliban heavy-handed.  The only thing she can come up with is then why is Alice here? Which sounds childish and immature even in her head.

“…I’m sorry?”

Dr. Seyers blinks, looks surprised; and for a moment Ayesha doesn’t do anything more than stare blankly, till she realises with a sinking heart that she actually asked the question, in front of all these people that she respects.   “Didn’t you know?  Miss Cheung isn’t a scien-“

“Okay, you know what, I’m just going to take Ayesha outside and explain everything to her,” Alice says in a rush – the first time she’s spoken since Ayesha entered the room; and is clearly going to be the last, because she grabs Ayesha by the wrist and practically drags her from the room