't speak to anyone. I saw her at the funeral, and she said a few words, but that's it. I went to see her afterwards, to pick up your stuff – they let me have it after the forensic team did their thing. Don't worry – Anderson wasn't allowed anywhere near your things. Anyway, Molly insisted staying with you all the while. I think she even slept at the mortuary at some point. You really didn't appreciate her enough. I heard from Lestrade that she doesn't let anyone look at your body if she is not present.

Lestrade called the other day, asking me to help out on a case. You would've been proud – I yelled at him for not doing his job and being an idiot. I haven't talked to him since.

You would have liked the case – supposedly murdered man in a stranger woman's house, doors and windows locked from the inside, no body and no woman present. Figured it out yet?

They actually found the victim two days ago. It was in the papers. It took them ten days. It turns out that there actually was a body, and it was hidden in some sort of an old tunnel under the house along with the killer.

The killer had died of blood-loss after the victim stabbed him with a kitchen knife. The killer (he hadn't really gotten around to killing anybody, but I guess he did kill, in a way) had fallen on top of the victim and she couldn't get out from under him, so she died of dehydration. It must have been torture, to have had died such a slow, painful death.

She had suffered from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and her carer was out of town visiting her sick daughter. The killer was the carer's daughter's biological father, who was schizophrenic but was diagnosed only three years after he donated his sperm. He mistook the victim for the carer and dragged her into the hidden tunnel and tried to rape her. There are no living witnesses to question, but the police think he didn't notice the knife (it was a rather large knife) because of his illness. His flat-mate said that he sometimes skipped his medicine and he had to remind him, but he forgot to a couple of days before the incident.

I can't help but think that if you were still alive you would have solved it in minutes, and the victim would still be alive. Even if it had taken you three days, she would still be alive.


Do you see what you've done? You selfish bastard. You didn't kill only yourself, but also all of


I don't know why Ella told me to write this. It's not like it would make any difference. You'd still be dead. It's not like it's helping, either. It's just making me feel a whole lot worse.

I don't know what your brother's doing. There have been more political resignations and even one murder – police think it's natural causes, but Mike told me that Molly's started juggling around with a lot of undetectable poisons like the one Moriarty had used to kill Carl Powers. Also, I've found some old article where the deceased had said, and I quote, 'I have seen how the government works, and I, like you, would like to believe that everything works properly, but that is not the case, as certain people whose names I will not reveal seem to be under the belief that they can do whatever they want, use whatever governmental resources they can get their hands on for personal affairs.' Personally, I believe your someone might have taken that statement to heart. That is, if he had a I didn't believe that someone to be capable of carrying out such extreme actions, but who knows what he is up to. Your death might be affecting him more than you think. Thought.

On a different note, this letter is almost long enough to get Ella off my back so that means I'll soon get to go back to 'depressing over your death', as she put it. But she's wrong. Depressed people don't do much of anything. I do things. I had tea with Mrs. Hudson, and I talked to Sarah yesterday.

And I talk to your skull. Not always, just when I want to talk without having someone talk back. And the skull doesn't talk back. I've checked. I'm curious, though, when you were still using did it seem like the skull was talking? No, sorry, that was rude. Ignore that. Well, don't. You need to hear this. It's good for you. That's what Ella said. You need to admit that you're not really 'fine, thank you'.

God, I'm writing to a dead man. At least you can't talk back.
he could tell he was completely naked. His wrists were twisted behind his back and held in place with some sort of a thin plastic strap. His head pounded and the groan that escaped his lips at the sudden pain was hoarse and weak. His eyes were covered with a cloth that had a rough, itchy texture, tied too tightly around his head and worryingly coiled around his neck to ensure he wouldn't push it off with the support of the floor. His whole body ached, tense muscles and abused flesh calling out for aspirin. The doctor in him disapproved of the lack of medical treatment.

He registered loud steps echoing closer and closer; the room was rather large, tall ceiling, empty enough produce echo. It was still summer (or, at least, he thought it was still summer), so cooling the room to such an extent had to be done deliberately and with effective conditioning methods as the room was big. Whoever held him had enough resources and money to make those arrangements.

But he already knew that. Mycroft Holmes had a position which allowed him to get away with a great deal of things.

The person standing over him was undoubtedly the man himself, John concluded. It didn't bother him as much as it should have, considering the circumstances. But then again, he was never very terrified of the man, not even now, lying in what was most likely an abandoned warehouse at his mercy.

It was to be expected, though, this whole business. A man who puts his brother above all else would without fail respond in kind when dealing with said brother's death. Or, more precisely, murder. Sherlock had reassured him though that Mycroft wouldn't go as far as kill him, but now John wasn't so sure. He certainly sounded like he wanted to kill him.

"John Watson, how does it feel to have achieved what many have tried and failed to do? How does it feel to know you have succeeded in killing Sherlock Holmes? Is it as gratifying as you thought? No?" the icy voice mocked, sharp and vicious. "Very loyal, very quickly. But also, disloyal, very, very quickly, it seems."

John kept silent, cursing Sherlock in his head for his idiotic plan. Well, no, it was a very good plan, even managed to fool Mycroft, but John was the one who suffered the consequences.

Something hard and pointy struck his left shoulder forcibly and he yelled out. Damn, that was his injured shoulder! An intense pain washed over his arm and back. Mycroft continued, unrelenting.

"Harriet Watson, isn't it?" he scoffed, making John tense as he froze at the man's words. Did Sherlock take that into account? "What was the saying? An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth." He was kicked again, this time in his temple, with the same hard object that was too blunt to be the man's ever-present umbrella, so John guessed it must have been his shoe. His head was tossed sideways, making his neck crack loudly and his cheekbone slam painfully against the floor. "A sibling for a sibling,"

Through the throbbing of his head he heard the words and managed a panicked gasp. Mycroft laughed.

"If you hurt her, I will never tell you where I hid his body," John threatened weakly, knowing they wouldn't find a body because there wasn't one. But Mycroft didn't know that.

"My men are searching as we speak, and let me tell you, they are very thorough," Mycroft chuckled wickedly.

"But they haven't found anything yet, have they? Thorough as they may be, they have nothing to show for it," he taunted. He knew he was only going to get more beating for talking back, but he honestly didn't know if Sherlock remembered his family when he put the plan together.

The expected beating came, leaving him with bleeding wounds and a sprained wrist.

"You are brave to answer me such. I have told you the first time we met, haven't I? Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity." Another kick, this time to the ribs. He was probably black and blue all over by now. Sherlock had better finish his undercover business soon, or he would return to a dead flat-mate.

"Are you calling yourself smart, then?" John hissed from between clenched teeth, earning him a strike to the jaw. His teeth stayed intact, though, thankfully.

"You will suffer, John Watson. Dearly," the man sighed. It was not a sigh of tiredness or boredom, no, it was a sigh one would make accompanied by a 'what a waste' expression. It was almost insulting, how little of importance Mycroft thought him to be. Although, he guessed the man did dedicate an entire warehouse with cooling systems to hold him, so maybe he wasn't thought as inferior as he had thought. That didn't make him feel any better, though.
many monitors glowing above his chest.

His wand is nowhere to be seen.

His eyes search the walls for a clock, but he doesn't find one and there's no way to tell the time-

Time. Again, he gets the feeling that he's out of time. Maybe if he-

A Healer comes in, wearing traditional white with her name pinned to the only pocket in the robe and her hair strapped in a tight bun, cheekbones cutting through the air as she approaches Draco, apprentice in toe taking notes and looking out of sorts.

"Welcome back, Mr. Malfoy. It's good to see you awake," she says.

The apprentice taps the back of a muggle pen against the nightstand beside Draco's bed and starts scribbling more furiously now that he's abandoned the magical writing device. Must be muggle-born, to prefer non-magical means of writing.

Draco wants to get up, but his hands are strapped to the bed. He looks at the Healer, who looks back at him for a few seconds before drawing her wand and spelling the restraints away. Draco takes the time to rub his scuffed wrists before he remembers that there's no point anymore, and slowly lets his hands lower to the bed.

"Luckily for you, you seem to have sustained no physical injuries aside from a slight bruising on your left thigh," the Healer continues, but Draco barely hears her. Barely sees her. All he sees are those green, green eyes looking back at him with horror seconds before-

Tick-tick.

Draco's eyes fly to the apprentice, who seems to have pressed the back of his pen again to change the color of his ink.

Tick-tick.

"Would you stop that?" Draco snaps, startling the apprentice out of his focus.

The apprentice shoots a glance at the Healer, who dismisses him from the room with a quick, "Go help Healer Toeffus with his patient, Mr. Adams."

The apprentice scowls, but scats off without argument.

"Mr. Malfoy-" the Healer starts, but Draco cuts her off.

"Leave me alone!" he growls at her.

She blanched. "I don't think you underst-"

"I wish to be discharged now. Where to I have to sign?" he interrupts her again. He doesn't want to hear what she has to say. He doesn't want to hear anyone, anymore, if he can't hear his voice again.

Oh, merlin, what if he forgets-

"Very well, Mr. Malfoy. I'll be back with the paperwork shortly," the Healer says and leaves the room.

Draco leans back in his bed, staring at the boring white ceiling, trying to think of nothing at all. He is afraid that, if he does think, he would think of summers spent in countless fields of yellow, and winters spent snuggled together at the ratty, battered sofa he never liked, and of lazy mornings so close together they barely had enough space to breathe-

Three knocks on the glass door separating his room from the rest of the ward yank him from the flush of memories drowning him and his eyes snap up to see his visitor.

"The Healer told me you're awake," she says, and Draco notices how red her eyes are from crying. It looks like someone tried to apply make up on it, but smudged it again with new tears. "They had to tie you down last time you came to, because you tried to strangle the Healer."

"Granger," he spits. The last face he wants to see right now. It reminds him of him.

"I'm so sorry," she chokes on her words, a fresh round of tears collecting at the edges of her eyes and spilling down her cheeks. "I heard what happened from Ron. They sent him to identify-" she swallows. "You were unconscious, so he…"

"Leave," he says, simple as that, voice devoid of any emotion.

"Don't tell me to leave. I'm not leaving you alone. Ha-" she sobs, "Harr-ry made me promise I won't, if a- anything ever happened to h-him."

Draco lets the tips of his blunt fingernails bite into the fleshy skin of his palm.

"I want him back. I want him back. And I'm sure you want him back even mo-"

"Why are you doing this?" Draco cries out, his hands coming to cover his ears, pull at his own hair, something else to focus on, anything but those words-

"-re, so I brought this," she fumbles around in her bottomless purse and pulls out a long, gleaming object. "I stole it. From work. I had to."

His eyes widen and he lets his hands drop. It's a-

"A time-turner. The only one," Granger says, her voice dropping to a whisper, eyes darting to the glass door to check if anyone's listening. She looks deeply
white horse. His voice sounded young, but of course, now was not the time to try and deduce the guard's age.

She couldn't determine if he meant he really didn't know, or if he wasn't allowed to tell her, of course, so she had to risk it.

As she reached to open the doors, a loud, manly moan filled the air and she blushed. If this was a battle, why couldn't she hear the metallic clashing of swords? Or maybe the hustle of a bare struggle, smashing of chairs and bodies hitting the ground?

Now suspicious of what she would find, the maiden servant-girl hesitated. Should she really walk in on the King in his private moments of, perhaps, indulging in pleasuring himself? But she had to announce that the conference was waiting for him. Should she wait until he finished?

Reaha blushed again as she heard a rumbling growl emit from His Majesty's rooms, followed by the ever-constant small sounds that, now that she thought about it, could probably be described as moans as well, or perhaps whimpers. Was the King not alone?

How embarrassing.

That was, of course, why the guards, who no doubt heard the moans and groans that sounded from the King's chambers, hadn't acted before. Of course they had heard – Reaha was surprised the whole castle wasn't awakened by the hustle.

She waited in an awkward silence for the noises to stop, her face a constant red. By the time it became quiet in the King's rooms, she was already lightheaded and dizzy from blushing for so long. She was no physician, but even she knew something was wrong when the room started spinning to the right. Why to the right?

Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she stilled herself until the staggering feeling passed.

She was about to push the doors open with renewed determination when they opened from the inside, making her stumble back a step to avoid being hit by the hard wood.  Looking up, she felt her mouth fall open and her eyes widen ineptly.

In front of her stood a tall, blond Elf, his hair a messy disarray held back by two perfect, thin braids, revealing his curiously pointed ears. She had never seen an Elf's ears from such a close distance, and was fascinated by the angle of the tips of them. Of course, he looked beautiful. His pale, Elven complexion was flawless. He grimaced as he caught sight of her, and although she hadn't thought it possible, she blushed harder. Her bafflement grew as she recognized the face of the Prince of Mirkwood, who had accompanied the Company sent to Gondor from the Elven Colony. She had caught a brief glance of him when they first arrived. He had of course led the Company as they rode on spotless white horses into the gates of Minas Tirith. Of course, the crown helped with the identification greatly.

"Wha- …oh- …good morning, Your Highness," she said quickly, bowing at the waist in front of the Prince, tripping over her words, to her utter embarrassment.

Tilting her head up slightly, she saw him give her a warm smile. She took that as a sign that she could rise. "It is," he spoke, his rich voice soft like silk and sweet like honey.

She stood there, still slightly hunched from her deep bow, wide-eyed and staring at the beautiful Prince, shock written all over her face as she found herself mesmerized by him. Everything about him was just so handsome, perfect and delicate. Elf-like, she précised.

"Legolas," called a rough voice, and suddenly the King came to the doorway of his rooms, without a tunic and bare-chested. She looked down quickly, her rose-colored cheeks heating up further and colors swimming into her vision for no apparent reason. It was not hard to guess what the two Royals had been doing only minutes before, even for someone as young as Reaha, but she had never heard of two men indulging in such acts together. It must be… No, she could not think of the King in such a manner. It was disrespectful and dishonorable.

As she stayed in the bowed position she had acquired when the King appeared, she could, if only barely, see that the King didn't even spare a glance in her direction. It was for the best, of course, for she could not tame her rosy cheeks any more than she could her straying line of thought.

"Bow."

Confused at the King's order, as she was already bowing a very low, respectful bow in front of him, Reaha didn't move and waited for him to clarify.

"Ni 'lassui," spoke the Elf Prince, and there was a sound of something exchanging hands. Reaha didn't dare look up and see what it was, for she had maybe failed to follow the King's unclear order of bowing, and did not feel like chancing her luck.

"
bit his lip, his breathes coming quicker in anticipation. He loved it when Scorpius got all worked up, because it meant that the next twenty minutes – or more, if Albus could hold it – would be spent in heated, burning passion.

The kiss came with the expected intensity and Albus felt himself getting hard against Scorpius's stomach. Even with his eyes closed he could tell that the Slytherin was grinning. Scorpius started trailing kisses down his neck, giving Albus time to catch his breath before returning to his mouth and leaving the green-eyed boy panting through his nose, struggling not to pass out from the sheer pleasure that coursed through his body when the other boy started grinding against him.

Through his moans he heard a clashing sound of heavy metallic doors. Startled, he raised his head to see who had entered the room and in the process banged his head against the Slytherin's, who released a pained groan and sat up above Albus, clutching his forehead. Albus held himself up on his elbows and looked around the blond to see a very familiar face.

"Professor Longbottom!" he called in surprise, mortification taking over his expression as he blushed.

The man, a close friend of his parents and one of his favorite professors, was standing frozen in the entrance of the Room of Requirements with a gobsmacked expression. His pale face took on a pink hue as he took in the position of the two boys – Albus was relieved a little by the fact that Scorpius's body hid anything that could have been even more embarrassing than the situation already was – and the nature of the room; fully carpeted floor, many pillows and a large bed in the middle. It was quite obvious the boys hadn't come here to play cards, or anything remotely platonic, for that matter.

The professor opened and closed his mouth a few times, before he finally spoke. "You two, detention for being out of your dorms after curfew," he told them in a chiding tone.

Albus sneaked a glance at Scorpius, whose eyes were wide and seemed to be even more shocked than the professor. The Slytherin's lips were pressed together and he wore a deer-caught-in-the-headlights expression. Albus mentally shook his head – now was not the time to revel in how cute the other boy looked.

"How did you even get in?" was the first thing Albus could think of to say. Now that he thought about it, it really shouldn't have matter as much as the fact that the professor caught them making out.

Professor Longbottom frowned. "How did you know about this room?"

"James told me about it," Albus replied, somewhat glad the professor hadn't barged in five minutes later, when there probably would have been much more to see.

Scorpius had recovered in the meantime, and now turned to the professor fully. Albus had lost the erection he had gotten from their earlier activities, so he didn't make a motion to stop him. "Sir, we're very sorry. We won't do it again. Could we all perhaps forget about this whole thing and return to our dorms?" he asked charmingly.

The professor shook his head. "You boys should really know better,"

Albus looked down, the professor's disappointment somehow harder to take than anger would have been.

"Your father thinks you have a girlfriend in one of the Ravenclaw girls, Delia Burke," stated the professor firmly, making Albus wince.

"She doesn't mind," he said quietly.

The professor raised his eyebrows. "What do you call this, then?" He gestured with his hand at the boys.

Albus grimaced. "Kissing?" he tried.

Beside him he heard Scorpius mutter bitterly, "Just kissing? How quickly you dismiss our love?"

The professor didn't seem to have heard that, though. He sighed, and waved a dismissive hand at the double doors. "Off you go, Mr. Malfoy. That'd be ten points off from Slytherin, and ten from Gryffindor, for being out after curfew. Mr. Potter, stay for a minute."

Scorpius looked at Albus apologetically, and the dark-haired boy rolled his eyes as the other boy near-ran out of the room, desperate to get out of there, leaving Albus alone with the professor.

Albus looked up hesitantly. "Delia isn't my girlfriend," he confessed. The professor was a friend of the family, and when they were alone he felt like he had when the man used to come over for dinners sometimes – closer, less formal.

Neville sat down on the bed reluctantly, as though he was afraid they did more than just kissing on it. "Lying to your parents? Albus, you know they'd accept you no matter what," the man reasoned, disappointment again evident in his voice.

"I know. It's just Scorpius's dad…" Albus trailed off.

"Malfoy, I know. But even so, I don't believe he would deny his son the relationship he sought," Neville said,
eyes closed and swallowing the painful lump in his throat. "He lost all of his memories of the last ten years, at least. The doctors think it's just a matter of time until it comes back to him but I-" another breath of reinforcement, "I'm not so sure."

His mother squeezed him one last time and released him, sitting him down on one of the chairs and handing him a bowl full of stew (beef, it smelled like beef) and a spoon. He ate slowly, every once in a while stopping to wipe a tear off his cheek or blow his nose. At the end of the meal, the table was full of used tissues.

Exhausted, Albus left early for bed. His old room stayed as it was, apart from new sheets and maybe missing Quidditch posters his little sister must have nicked. With a sigh, Albus curled up in his bed and cried until he fell asleep.

The next morning Albus had a headache that made him want to curl up in a hole and die. He figured it had something to do with all the crying he did last night. He sure did regret it now.

After a family breakfast, with Lily sneaking wary looks his way every time he sniffled as if she was afraid he would burst into sobs any moment, and his mother pestering him to eat more and talking with a soft tone Albus hadn't heard her use in years, and his father chuckling behind his Quibbler, Albus gather up his courage and left the kitchen for the living room, grabbing a bar of dark chocolate – Merlin be damned if he was going to pass up free dark chocolate, even if he had to use the excuse of it being comfort food – on the way, standing in front of the fireplace and- flooing to his and Scorpius's apartment, instead of the hospital. He told himself he couldn't show up in yesterday's clothes, and that's why he had gone there first, but he found that he couldn't lie to himself and secretly admitted that he wanted to delay the meeting with Scorpius as much as possible.

Only that didn't work so well.

There, on the really-inappropriate-memories-invoking sofa, sat Scorpius Malfoy in all his glory and, well, robes, much to Albus's dismay.

The stormy, bright eyes met his green ones and Albus stopped in his tracks as he remembered that Scorpius didn't actually share any of those inappropriate memories, and he frowned deeply at the other man.

"What are you doing in my flat?" asked Albus, surprising himself with the authority in his voice, that only just managed to hide the crushing hope he felt at the thought that maybe the blond finally remembered.

Please remember me, he thought desperately.

The other man was sitting cross-legged, one arm resting leisurely on one of the armrests while the other hand stroked circles around a certain area on the sofa that Albus found very, very distinctively familiar. Heat flooded Albus's cheeks as he fought for some control over his exterior.

Scorpius returned Albus's frown with double force. "Your flat? I was under the assumption this was my flat. There doesn't seem to be more than one bedroom, to prove my point," he argued back. Then he narrowed his eyes. "Aren't you the bloke from the hospital? Are you following me? Because let me tell you, my father is one of-"

"I'm not following you. This is my flat. Ours. We share it."

The other man seemed to have liked frowning, because that expression remained fixed on his features like a permanent glamour. "But there's only one-"

"Bedroom, yes," Albus cut him off again, impatient. If Scorpius only remembered, then this would be much easier for both of them. He sighed and reached to his pocket, raising an eyebrow at the other man when the blond drew his wand in reaction. Scorpius used to suffer a lot of harassment by his fellow students on the grounds of being the son of a Death Eater, so it was only instinctive. He blushed and put it back in his pocket when he saw that Albus did not actually try to hex him, but pulled out the dark-chocolate bar he had grabbed earlier and snapped a piece, popping it in his mouth. Scorpius's eyes followed the motion and he licked his lips, making Albus want to groan around the melting bitter cube on his tongue.

"So we were, what? Boyfriends?" demanded the blond man urgently.

Albus didn't know if he should nod or run away. He noticed he didn't have that overwhelming urge to cry, unlike last night and earlier this morning. He wondered if it had anything to do with Scorpius's presence and the fact that he didn't disregard him as if he was just part of the background.

Scorpius must have taken Albus's silence as a 'yes', because soon he started to freak out, for the lack of better word, pacing and

"Scared, Potter?"


Damn those words. Damn Malfoy, too. Damn everyone.

"Harry? You done, mate?"

Damn Ron.

"Yeah…"

Harry grabbed his towel and dried himself quickly, pulling on his robes in a hurry as Ron stared at him like he possessed cat ears or something equally as absurd.


Malfoy with cat ears.


Stop it, Harry!

"Alright there?" Ron asked, half-amused and half-concerned.

Well, it wasn't Harry's fault he didn't want Ron to catch him with a semi. It was Malfoy's, really.

"Yeah, sure. Coming?"

Ron nodded, pulling on his Weasley jumper.

They found Hermione in the common room, pouring over a book. She looked up when they entered, smiling at them. At least her childish feud with Ron was over now.

"Hi, Harry, Ron. I was just about to start on our Charms homework. Would you like to join?"

"Sure," Ron agreed easily, slipping next to Hermione on the couch and peering over to look at her book.

"I was actually about to head to the pitch," Harry said.

"It's pretty late to be outside, isn't it?" Hermione asked, crunching her nose.

"Hopefully everyone else would think so, too," he answered, smiling.

"Well, be careful. You never know what's lurking out there."

He nodded at her, waving farewell to his friends before leaving the common room, broom secure and tiny in his pocket.

He walked to the Quidditch pitch silently, enjoying the quiet for once. These past few months had been stressful. Between keeping up to date with Malfoy's most recent and undoubtedly evil activities and trying to find a way to get Slughorn to speak, he'd barely had time to just relax.

The pitch was empty, as expected, and completely dark. Harry grinned as he enlarged his broom with a muttered spell and mounted it, kicking off into the air and up to the sky.

He started looping around the pitch, diving every once in a while, and just enjoying the clear air and the feeling of being free when-

"Out for a ride, Potter?" a snide voice pulled him out of his concentration, making him nearly topple off his broom with how close it was.

He turned his broom to see Malfoy hovering behind him, a smirk upon his face.

"Why are you here, Malfoy? No Death Eater dinner tonight?" he snapped back.

Malfoy scowled. "You don't know what you're talking about."

"Don't I?"

Harry flew away from him. Or tried to, anyway, as Malfoy followed close behind.

Harry suddenly turned left, annoyed when Malfoy didn't fail to copy the action, and then sharply right again, faster than the Slytherin for about half a second before he, too, cut right and sped up. Harry swirled in the air, aware of Malfoy following and nearly collided with one of the stands before he surrounded it, so close he could reach out and touch the banners. Malfoy did not fall into that old trick, Harry confirmed with a quick glance back.

Time to forgo the kid gloves.

Harry dived.

Malfoy was close on his heels as he flew towards the ground in breakneck speed.

Malfoy was probably spooked out, because he yelled to him, "You're mad!"

Malfoy had given up, then. Harry pulled straight and glided across the pitch, humming contently as it was quiet once more.

Opening his eyes, he saw Malfoy pull over.

"That was idiotic," the blonde Slytherin spoke.

Harry pulled in close, so fast Malfoy was nearly knocked off his broom. His face was only inches apart from Malfoy's, and he could feel the warm, hitched breath fanning over his face. The startled look in those grey eyes made the corners of his lips twitch upwards slightly.

"Scared, Malfoy?"