you. “Please stop!” You screamed unable to get anything else passed your parted lips. Negan was fucking you with no mercy, his cock slamming into your cervix sending more waved of pleasure and pain rocking your body. One of his hand kept you down as the other kept you upright for a better angle. The sound of his thighs slapping aginst your ass was the only thing you could hear besides his soft grunts and moans. “You gonna cum for Daddy?” Negan asked fucking into your already sore body harder. His hand moved from the center of your shoulders to your hair. He grabbed a fist full pulling back hard forcing your body up your hands going to lean on the back windshield. Your eyes watered as you noticed Rick was watching, his gaze steady unmoving from the rocking truck. I prayed to God he couldn’t see me as a wave of more pleasure tightened your core to the edge of a potential orgasm. You closed your eyes tears rolling down your cheeks as he pulls your hair harder arching your back further. Your arms can't hold you any longer and you fall forward onto the bed of the truck. Negan caught off guard fell with you crushing your body into the mattress. You lost your breath again as he picked himself off of you still in your pussy. “Fuck!” You screech as he bottoms out hard sending you over the edge in a pain pleasure mixed orgasm. “Fuck!” You scream again as the Negan force his dick deeper into you. “Jesus fucking Christ baby doll. Your then best fucking toy I’ve ever fuck had.” Negan moans still pounding into you his body relentlessly. You try to sit up realizing your hand is free. He stops abruptly pulling out. For an instant, you think maybe this might be over. Maybe he came already. Instead, you hear another zipper sound, you didn’t again move in fear of a punishment. You heard a thunk then you felt his hands on your hips again. He hauled you up onto your feet. Looking at your neck for a moment then sliding his fingers down your chest to the T-shirt you had on. Negan grabbed the bottom of it pulling it over your head and in the back of the try. He hen threw you onto the top of the truck back down on his jacket. He grabbed your legs before you could fight back. He ripped your other clothes from you pinning you down as well.Once you were naked in front of him Negan smiled as sunk his cock deeper than before. Your only reaction was to arch your back and grab on to his hands in pleasure from your orgasm. He pulled back pounding you slowly watching your face squirm in guilt for taking pleasure from his brutality. “Now it's Daddy’s turn to come. You ready baby?” Negan chuckled grabbing on to your hand quickly your legs resting on his arms.“Holy fuck!” You moan as he fucks you faster than before. Negan was using your body as an anchor for him to pull on so he could power fuck you into the top of the truck. He smiled down at your lust filled face as he quickened his thrusts. You start to clench around him again his cock pushing against your g-spot in sinful ways. You bite your lip and close your eyes trying not to cum for him again. Not looking at him made it worse your body seeming to focus on his cock stretching out your pussy. You moan loudly as you feel him lean down pulling your legs further apart.“You’re pussy is way better than that pretty mouth.” He moaned close to your ear making you turn your face slightly. “You better fucking look at me in the next 5 seconds or I’m gonna fuck you in the ass.” He grunts spreading your legs to fuck you deeper. You moaned again pleasure surging through you at his threat. “Oh, you like getting fucking it in the ass?” Negan mocked fucking you deeper.“I’ve never.” You whimper feeling his chest now laying against yours. You had no choice turning to look into Negan's perverse eyes. Your body melting into his touch as you came again around his thick cock. “Fuck!” You moan loudly thrusting against him as hard as you could increasing the pleasure. Negan pounded you a couple more times before pulling out and cumming all over your (S/C) stomach. He smiled at you rubbing your clit with his thumb to draw your orgasm out.  You lay on the top of the truck looking up at the normal blue noncloudy day your body still vibrating with bliss. The sun seeming to make fun of you as it lightly toasting your naked (S/K) body. It’s been out of the sun for quite some time you had planned to keep it that way. Negan’s hand wrapped around your to pull you upright in the bed of the truck. “Here you go, baby. Next time I’ll help you with your ass virginity.” Negan chuckled patting your ass, your jaw clenched fighting the urge to punch that stupid fucking smile from his face. Your lower
into you so fucking hard. 

“One way I will come quicker the other will take longer.” He chuckled lifting your hips higher to pound you deeper into the bed.

“How much faster will you come!” You cry out from the pain wanting this to be over with.

“Within the next 2 minutes. It’s all about positioning this nice fucking pussy of yours. If I get you into doggy I can fuck you nice and quick or I can keep pounding just like this. Your choice.” Negan smirked pushed harder than before. 

“Fuck me doggy please!” You beg tears rolling down your cheeks as he stops with a deep chuckled. He pulled out of you making you cry out in pain and relief. It was short lived when Negan flipped you over your face getting shoved into the bed as he shoved his knees between your legs. You tried to keep them closed until he slapped your ass hard enough that heat radiated off it afterward. He shoved your legs wide around his thighs shoving your ass higher he waited a moment letting you get comfortable with the weird angle.

“You ready?” Negan asked rubbing his thumb over your ass hole for a second making you almost shriek in terror. He didn’t give you a chance to answer before he shoved his length back inside of you going deeper than last time. You cry out in pain for a moment before an odd feeling of intense pleasure took over your senses. He grunted thrusting faster into the same intense spot your face shoved into the mattress keeping your vision dark seeming to increase the uncontrollable pressure. It was almost too much your body being torn apart by Negan then a weird part of you wanting him to go faster. 

“I can feel you about to come. Do you want a little help?” Negan purred rubbing your ass with his palm.

“What do you mean?” You mumbled into the mattress half your mouth covered. A sharp pain shot through you so intense it that your orgasm flooded your body on that pain. You trembled as you clenched and contracted around Negan’s giant cock pussy and his large finger shoved in your ass hole. 

“What the FUCK!” You scream the pleasure increasing as Negan thrust harder and deeper his cock twitching wildly inside of you hitting new and different angles. Then he pushed his finger in and out of you in rhythm with his cock. You scream out more waves of pleasure racing through you as Negan bucked like a mad man.

“Fuck (Y/N)!” Negan yells thrusting and swelling inside of you pushing against your cervix as he releases his hot semen inside of you. You gasp trying to clear your mind from the dizzying ecstasy still pulsing through your body. 

“Jesus fucking Christ doll. This pussy is something fucking special." Negan grunted pulling his finger out of your ass in a sharp jerking motion making you cry out in pain. He was silent for a moment just sitting there feeling your walls clench and moveing around his shaft.

"I couldn’t fucking bring myself to pull out." He whispered rubbing your ass and back for a just a moment. 

"When was the last time you had a period?” Negan asked seriously still buried inside of you blocking all his sperm. 

“About a week and a half ago.” You wince feeling him pushing his cock deeper for a moment before he pulled out of you agonizingly slowly.

“Then I guess we are gonna have to wait and see, but you might get a first-class ticket to stay in my fucking room for the rest of your life doll face.” Negan said sounding kind of happy about it.

“What are you talking about?” You shake your head trying to sit up and face your husband. 

“(Y/N), I just came deep inside of your tight little pussy with no condom. You’re not on the pill are you?” Negan asked casually pulling his pants back on as your world was being crushed yet again. He looked up shaking his head as he yanked your hands up to pull the belt from your wrists along with your torn bra and dress. He tossed you his T-shirt instead still studying your very sour expression.

“Judging by your grumpy ass face you are not. So, there is a very big possibility you will get pregnant since I just fucked you brain dead.” Negan laughed walking out of the room leaving you to cry alone to your self-wondering what the fuck was going to happen next.

Please write a third chapter to the negan request you wrote a while ago that was about negan taking the reader instead of Daryl and forcing the reader to marry him and he rapes her and says she migh be pregnant. Please have the third chapter about the reader does end up pregnant and negan still rapes her every night and after she gives birth to a baby boy named Asher(or another I don't care about the name to much) she tries to escape with Asher but gets caught so negan punishes her by beating her then raping her worse then usual

****1 months later****

"Have you ever been late before?" The strange doctor asks waiting for your response to write down on his medical files.
eyes darken as he watched you squeeze your tits together. "Good then just leave it on. It should fluster the men get them little fucking distracted while you work your magic." He moved back clenching his fist as he did still staring at your perfect tits. He bit his lip looking over you again "Just perfect." He smiles wide looking over you once more."Aren't I off-limits?" You asked getting your shoes and socks trying not to think about all the men that would see you like this today and probably many days to come."You can flirt with who every you want, but no one. I repeat NO ONE gets in that tight little fucking slice of heaven, but me. Understood?" He asked raising his eyebrows."I understand." You say trying to get out from his gaze as quickly as possible. He chuckled before opening the door revealing Dwight standing in the hallway, the scared man didn't look at your face but you saw his jaw clench for a second.  "Dwight this is (Y/N). She is gonna be with us today." Negan explained picking up Lucille from the hallway going in front of us to lead the way. 

2 hours later.

You were standing behind Negan listening for any signs of disloyalty. You keep fidgeting because of the soreness still left from Negan last night, Dwight was staring at you were Negan couldn't see him doing it. You caught his eyes on your still hard nipples everytime you knew someone was looking at you, you couldn't stop them from growing harder. Dwight smiled at my obvious discomfort from the actions of the day so far. I have not noticed anyone lying to Negan per say but you had seen a few white lies being told every now and again. He finished with the last Savior from the last run getting info from all angles of the run. We walked closer to the cafeteria making you nervous. You haven't been in major public in your attire yet the thought of it making you want to puke."Hey, D go get us some breakfast will ya?" Negan asked stopping before going into the full room pulling you beside him out of view of anyone else but him."Sure boss." Dwight muttered walking into the loud room then it was quite again. "Anything yet?" He asked his head lowering to your ear before he kissed your neck softly. You name off the few white lies you had noticed mostly about what had been found. The suspects probably found something small that they felt they had earned and didn't turn it in like they were supposed to. Negan pulled back when you were done talking. He had a deadly serious face on no sign of usual playful man you are used to."Do you think they should be punished?" His voice was low and threatening. Making your start to get frightened just looking up at him so close to you."I would go on the next run and catch them red handed." You say slowly trying to show no weakness."Will you come with me?" He asked leaning closer to you his lips so very close to yours."I will follow any order you give me." You say not wanting to piss him off as you try to back away from his mouth a little. "Ok, then you better fucking believe you coming with me. I've always wanted to fuck someone in my truck." He smiled kissing you quickly before you could move away. Dwight came back right as Negan pulled back from the kiss. Dwight didn't look at me just stared at Negan as he handed us the plates of food before turning to go back for his own food. Negan laughed before tugging you to the rec room where this all started. We sat down at one of the roundtables thankfully alone, it was kind of nice to eat and enjoy something with someone again. The rest of the day went exactly as the morning did just without Negan questioning so many people it ended with Negan walking me through his wives wings. You were standing awkwardly by the main door as he entertained more than one of them for more than a couple of hours. "Good night girls, Daddy will be back tomorrow." He called over his shoulder as you finally left the awkward area. Today helped you realize why you had avoided Negan, to begin with, he was a play and a fucking Psyco at that. "So I'm free to go now right?" You asked noticing you were walking further way from your bedroom."Why the rush you don't fucking enjoy my company?" He asked stopping abruptly making you run into him. "I'm just tired." You attempt to lie not looking away from him. He scoffs before leading you to his bedroom the place you feared he would be taking you. He set Lucille down next to his desk then he took off his jacket and scarf. He sat down pulling off his boots as he motioned for you to sit down as well. You sit trying not to look nervous. "What do you think of my girls?" Negan asked leaning back in his chair casually."They seem nice." You say your
such a challenge. can I request a story? reader is in a polyamorous relationship with negan and simon and like 3/4 months pregnant, lots of fluff and smutty smut smut. maybe she's scared of her body not being the same after and scared of giving birth with no meds and they comfort her. just sweetness and dirtiness lol

Will be adding to this :)

It has been almost 5 months since Simon has brought you to Negan as their toy you have been beaten, raped, forced to enjoy whatever they throw at you and now your worst nightmare has happened.

"What the verdict Doc?" Negan asked rubbing your shoulders as you try and hold down your nausea. As the doctor walked around the room waiting for the test he had run just a few minutes ago.

"Well, congratulations are in order. It looks like you're pregnant (Y/N)." The Doctor said with a smile giving Negan the test to confirm. Negan's face was a mixture of shock and oddly enough happiness.

"Holy shit." Negan whispered staring at the test like it was a rare jewel.

"How far along am I?" You ask holding on to your stomach unsure if you should be happy or mortified. 

"I don't have the equipment to tell correctly, but as soon as your pee reached the test window the positive was very clear. When did you last have sex?" The doctor asked handing you your clothes back to get out of the hospital gown he had insisted you wear. You stare at the Doctor unsure how to answer, no one in the Sanctuary knew of your existence besides Negan and Simon and the handful of people that would bring you food and water every day. 

"Does that really matter?" Negan asked his smile fading quickly replaced with anger.

"It could help determine who the father is." The Doctor said a look of confusion on his face.

"I am." Negan said harshly stepping in front of you. The sick feeling of realization hit you that it could be either Negan's or Simon's baby or even more than one baby. Your mother had two sets of twins of boy twins before having you her only girl. She had warned you about having twins ever since you had told her you wanted to be a mother like she was. 

"Can you tell if there is more than one baby?" You blurt out tears forming in your eyes. Both men looked at you with shocked faces. 

"Why? Do you have twins in your family?" The Doctor asked trying to step passed Negan.

"My mom had two sets of twin boys before me." You confessed looking down at your stomach in hope you were wrong, but your mother's words wouldn't stop nagging you. 

"Then we need to get her to Hilltop for a sonogram. If there are two she has a higher risk of death during labor." The Doctor said mostly to Negan who was now studying you. 

You were lost in your own thoughts once the Doctor and Negan had left the room letting you get dressed in peace so that Negan could arrange your transportation to Hilltop. You hands fell to your stomach yet again as you tried to stop panicking and wish you had died all those months ago when Simon had first found you. Negan came back in seeing you holding your stomach.

"You ok?" He asked sounding concerned and walking over to you and setting a gentle hand on your hip.

"I don't to have children in a world like this." You sob shaking with the thought of your children near walkers or even men like Negan and Simon. Negan reached up wiping the tears from your eyes. He lifted your eyes to meet his then he kissed you tenderly. He pulled back rubbing your cheek in comfort.

"No one will ever hurt my fucking kids." His voice held a truth in those words. He kissed you once more before leading you down long hallways in different directions. You got lost easily unsure where exactly he was taking you until he opened a door and sunshine hit your face. You blinked blocking your eyes, this was the first time you had been outside since getting to the Sanctuary. You squint in the light seeing a single truck with Simon leaning on it. 

"What happened?" Simon asked as we neared Negan brought you to the passenger door followed by Simon. He held the door letting you get in before walking back over to the driver side and getting in. You were now squished between both men Simon still looking at you with confusion. Once Negan was out of the gate he turned to Simon.

"(Y/N) is pregnant. I know I came in her a few times. Did you ever fuck her without me there?" Negan asked his hands tight on the steering wheel. Simon looked at you with the same shocked expression you had been getting all morning.

"No, I know how you are with your toys." Simon said looking out the windshield. 

"This is why you’re a great fucking worker Simon. You don't make your own decision and you know I fucking love that in my men." Negan laughed
add more pressure to the sensitive bud. Your eyes close focusing on just what his hand was doing.

"Oh no baby look at me while I finger fuck you." He demands in a soft voice. You open your eyes to look deep into his just as he sinks a finger inside of you. 

"Oh," You shudder with need. His finger pulled out to the tip before going deeper curling to touch your gspot.

"So wet and ready for me." Negan moans adding another finger. You rise to up on your toes from the full feeling. His thumb went to your clit circling it before you could get away. You moan softly your eyes fluttering closed again as his fingers work a steady rhythm.



"Look at me _____." Negan ordered his free hand grabbing your chin to look up at him. You opened your eyes with desire. His thumb slows its rhythm making you whine.

"Beg me for it. Then I'll let you cum on this big cock." He chuckled pushing his fingers against your gspot. You gasp arching into the tree with enough force to make it shake.

"Negan please." You whine rubbing your legs together on his hand. He chuckled again lightly adding pressure to your clit. You whimper needing to cum your heat almost burning you alive.

"No tell Daddy what you want. Specifically." Negan growled low in his chest. Your eyes brows shoot together not wanting to sink that low with a stranger. His fingers completely stoped making you growl at him in frustration.

"Please I want your cock to make me cum. Fuck me Negan. I'm begging you." You yell out your legs grinding on his hand. He chuckled removing his hand to grab your waist. 

You were lifted and turned before you could even blink. Your knees his the grass first then your hands dig into the earth next. He was quick to mount you from behind his already hard cock rubbing up and down your soaking slit. 

"Say it again. Louder." He commanded slapping your ass with a free hand. You gasp out bucking into his thick shaft and hips.

"Negan fuck me!" You scream into the trees your shameful words echoing around. He shoved himself to your hilt bouncing your body forward. You groaned in pleasure and pain not used to being with a man as thick as him.

"Fuck Doll face your tighter than a drum." He says reading your mind. He pulled out halfway to buck deeper inside of you. Your arch into the feel of him against your butt and thighs. His hands wrap around your hips using your back to rock you harder back and forth. 



Your fingers dig into the grass pulling some of it out with intense need. Your core throbbed every time he went back inside of your walls. Your hair fell around your face casting a shadow in your vision. You focus on the feeling of your orgasm building quickly.

"Oh baby slow down a bit. I'm not close to being done with you yet." Negan purrs using your hips to stop the wild bucking motion y'all had created. You growl in frustration trying to ram yourself back onto his shaft. He chuckles pulling out all the way then just popping the tip into your entrance.

"Negan please. I'm so close." You whimper over your shoulder bringing your head up to look at him. He was smirking down at you his tongue running over his bottom teeth.

"Do you want to cum on my cock ____?" He asks with a deep knowing voice. You growl at him again your fingers digging into the dirt.

"You know I do please Negan." You scream irritated and heated. He slipped an inch further inside of you just enough to stretch around his rim.

"Beg me for it. You know what I want to hear princess." Negan demands with a quick slap on your left ass cheek. You gasp looking forward again when you bucked against him.

"Please Negan fuck me. I need you to fuck me!" You plea trying again to push back on to his shaft. He pounded into you ramming painfully against your cervix. You groan the motion sending you over the edge. Your orgasm was electric  through every nerve in your body at once.

"You can do better than that." He chuckled slapping your right ass cheek. He started bucking like a mad man his dick never leaving your trembling walls. You moaned his name repeatedly pushing back against him ever chance you got. Soon your body felt like puddy in his hands.

"Don't pass out yet." Negan growls slapping you again. You jult into awareness enough to feel his shaft stretch you wider. Your eyes close focusing on his thick length starting to throb. Negan moaned your name his fingers digging into your hips with his final thrusts. He stilled for a moment rubbing his thumbs back and forth along your back before pulling out.

"Jesus fucking fuck baby doll that was amazing. Your pussy is like a fucking wet dream come true." He says in a deep voice climbing up from the ground. He helped you stand on shaking legs holding you in his arms while you caught
bite your lip trying to push him deeper into you.

“You so fucking wet for me already (Y/N). You ready baby?” He moaned pushing his cock head in and out of you.

“Please Negan.” You grunt biting your lip as he pushes his big cock deep in your folds hitting your g-spot with a shock wave of pleasure ripping through you. He grabbed your legs opening them further to press deeper pressing into your cervix. 

“You feel do fucking good.” Negan grunted pulling out halfway to slam back into you. You grab onto his shoulders again for leverage pushing against his thrusts. 

“Fuck Negan.” You gasp your eyes shutting as he started to thrust faster and harder. You meet every thrust with your own increasing friction on your g-spot almost starting to build the burning you had felt earlier. He fucked you faster wrapping his arms around your waist to lift you a bit for deeper assess. Your hand falls to the desk for support feeling your walls clench around his shaft. He pulled out of you making you whine from the lack of cock in your needing walls. He grabbed his jacket laying it out before bending you over the desk forcefully. Negan shoved his cock into you again deeper and harder than before.

“Oh god.” You moaned out your walls clenching as the orgasm built higher and higher making your legs start to tremble in needed release. 

“You. Feel. So. Fuck. Amazing.” Negan grunted out with every powerful thrust into your pussy. Ramming your hips into the desktop, but you didn’t care. You pushed back against him letting him fuck you crazy as you chase your own pleasure. You squeeze his cock with your walls drawing moan after moan from Negan. He grabbed your hair pulling tightly and pushing you over to your much-needed orgasm.

“Negan oh fuck me harder Negan!” You scream ridding the pleasure that had you shaking under his body. He fucked you faster the desk hitting the wall with booming sounds blocking the sound of his thighs hitting your ass. Negan’s cock started to twitch inside of you hitting your g-spot over and over again just increasing your ecstasy.

“Where do you want my jizz?” He asked trying to hold on long enough for you to finish completely.

“On my ass.” You answer spent just riding the last of your intense orgasm.

“AH FUCK (Y/N)!” Negan roared pulling out of you and spraying all over your round ass. You both take your time regaining your composure and getting dressed giving each other small smiles of bliss and relaxation. 

“That was one hell of an initiation.” You sigh once fully dressed.

“I fuck the shit out of all of my new wives.” He smiled widely at your shocked face. He chuckled picking up his bat from the bathroom doorway.

“Wives? What the fuck do you mean wives?” You say getting angry at his deceit. 

“Including you, now I have six. Is that a fucking problem?” He threatened grabbing your hand before you could react. He pushed the barbed wire bat into your face the dry blood frightening you more than the weapon itself. 

“I wish you would have mentioned that before you fucked me!” You yell angrily trying to get away from him. 

“You begged me for my big cock (Y/N). It didn’t really fucking matter at the time and it doesn’t fucking matter now that I own you.” He smiled tightening his grip on your hand.

“What if I say no?” Your fighting spirit slowly fades as the crazy rises in his eyes. 

“You already said yes.” He laughed pulling you out of the office and away from your safety zone. Negan dragged you out to his waiting truck along with another truck with 2 other men in it.

“Boys this is (Y/N). My new wife, she is gonna be helping around the Sanctuary until I get her used to married life.” Negan smiled down at you pulling you to the empty car before pushing you into the cab. With no way, out of this, you sit in the truck thinking of a way to escape. Negan climbed into the driver seat and getting everyone back on the road towards his kingdom. He placed a firm hand on your legs claiming you as his yet again in his mind.

Reader fights Negan yet again trying to save a little self-respect. It backfires in a way she never thought would happen to a full grown woman.

I have not seen any actual shows with Negan or the Sanctuary so if things don't add up or sound funny you know why.

When Negan pulled up to metal gates your heart started to pound. This place was massive with walker heads and guard lining every couple of feet of the wall. You sank back in the truck seat the feeling of defeat already setting into your mind. You watch people surround the truck opening the door for Negan once the truck was turned off. With a wide smile, Negan walked to your side holding the door open and letting you get out with some dignity. You slid out not wanting to be too close
looking away to grab my clothes. I picked them up going to the bathroom to change.

"Remember you have to stay full of my cum all day. If you come out dry I will fuck again." Negan said right before I entered the bathroom. I blushed feeling wetter than nortmal in between my legs. I walked in slamming the door in frustration.

Luckily I hadn't had anything to drink in almost 2 days so my bladder was empty. I started to put my underwear on feeling uncomfortable about the cum slowly leaking from me. I tried to ignore it thinking Negan won't be with me 24/7 he can't control everything. I put my clean clothes on helping calm me down a little. 

When I left the bathroom Negan grabbed my throat pinning me to the wall. I gasped reaching up the hand chocking me not noticing his other hand. He shoved his hand in my pants quickly sliding his fingers between my wet lips.

"Mmmm good girl." He purred his hazel eyes locked onto mine. I winced feeling him go deeper to shove two fingers inside of me. I tried to shut my legs his hand making more cum leak from my walls. 

"Stop!" I choke out glaring at him. He chuckles withdrawing from my pants to lean forward kissing me aggressively. I squirmed feeling his beard on my skin different from Rick's. Negan's tongue poked against my closed lips before he let me go stepping back. 

"I love good girls. I've decided to show you around your temporary home. Help make sure your comfortable while your here." He smiled pulling his jacket on. I looked away still feeling his lips on mine. I closed my eyes letting a single tear roll down my cheek. He zipped the jacket then wrapped the scarf around his neck. "Let go before I throw you on the bed again."

I sighed another tear falling, but I followed him out of the bedroom my head hung low. He grabbed Lucille opening the main door holding it open for me to step into the dim hallway.

I keep pissing Negan off so he has to punish me to make sure I know who is in charge.

I felt like we had walked for miles up and down the different stairs and into different rooms. It was impossible to map this place out from the inside. 

"This is my men buy extra shit." Negan said looking into the metal bars. It was kind of like a store with different hygiene products and knick-knacks.

"Henry I need a pack of razors and some AA batteries please." Negan requested from the man inside the cage. Henry slid the supplies across the counter giving me a once over with his eyes. I blush feeling vulnerable under the new man's gaze. 

"Eyes to your fucking self, dick breath." Negan barked banging on the cage before yanking me down the hall. When we were alone in another plain hallway he tossed the razors at me. I caught the package of plastic looking at Negan.



"Why did you get these you don't shave?" I ask confused looking up at his smirking face.



"I noticed you were a little bushy down there. If you want more surprises like this morning you got to shave that shit." He chuckled as my face grew a bright red. I scoffed turning away from him debating on destroying the razors.



"I like it like that! It keeps unwanted guest away." I growl trying to control some small part of my life.



"It's not a request darling and if you won't do it by your self. I can easily tie you down and do it for you." He threatened as my cheeks got hotter.



I kept my head down the rest of the tour trying not to piss him off anymore. He leads me past people of all ages and races every one of them kneeling for this lunatic. He showed me off like a prize stolen from Alexandria to all of them making me feel worse. I was deep in thought when I smelled food making my stomach growl loudly again.



"Oh are you hungry little lamb? All you have to do is ask for some food." Negan smiled stopping before two double doors where the smell was coming from. I gulped as the smell made my mouth water too much.



"Can I eat please?" I asked feeling like a child. He smirked leaning up again the wall with his arms crossed. 



"I'm sorry are you talking to me? I did like the please though made me almost consider it." He mocked making me grind my teeth together. 



"Please Negan may I have some food?" I ask again not wanting to argue over a basic human right. He smiled running his tongue over his bottom lip.



"Sure darlin here have something to drink first." He stood up from the wall setting Lucille down next to him. Then his gloved hands went to the front of his pants unzipping them loudly. I closed my eyes wanting to be anywhere but here. 



"Don't make me do this please." I whisper a tear running down my cheek. His hand grabbed my