is something intoxicating about the sight of Andrew’s hands spreading over Kevin’s body. Whether it is hot and heavy, or simple touches like the tickle of Andrew’s fingers at the low of his back. It makes Neil feel like a furnace has set off inside of his body. 





“Did you see that?” Kevin says, breaking the silence between them. Neil jolts from the sudden sound of his voice.





“What?” Kevin asks, nose wrinkling in confusion. Neil still can't decide if he is even aware of the way he slides his hand underneath the material of his croptop, or the way it makes a flame ignite low in Neil’s belly. 





He does that sometimes, teases to see who will break and make the first move. 





Neil shifts so his body is turned towards Kevin. “How many times are we going to watch this game?”





Offense crosses Kevin’s face as he lurches his hand out to indicate the television. “This 

game

-”





Neil sighs, reaching out cup his hand around the side of Kevin’s neck so he feels the jump of his pulse under his palm. He warms his thumb over Kevin’s Adam’s Apple, making Kevin’s words die in his throat.





“Is going to be watched tomorrow too,” Neil reminds him as he pushes up on his knees to slowly crawl towards Kevin without removing his touch from his neck. “Remember? We weren’t a full team today.”





Kevin’s hands knock against Neil’s abdomen as he crawls over him. Neil presses his knees into the bean bag around Kevin’s legs, his other hand coming up to slide at the back of Kevin’s neck. He dips his fingers under the back of Kevin’s collar, feeling the tense of muscles that wrap around his shoulders. 





“Those who were there didn’t even pay attention today,” Kevin tells him, voice dropping into a quiet tone as his fingers slide over Neil’s hips to keep him sat on his lap. There had been an event on campus, and it had been a struggle just to get Matt and Nicky there. “They must get it from their captain.”





Neil presses his thumb under Kevin’s chin so his head tilts up. He ignores that comment, because it is Kevin's damn fault he can't pay attention. “Lay back.”





Kevin shifts almost immediately, so his body scooches down the bean bag enough that he is almost laying down. It isn’t the most comfortable, but the bean bag is big enough to hold the both of them. And like this, Neil has better access to warm one of his hands over Kevin’s bare stomach.





“If we lose this game,” Kevin goes on as Neil parts his lips over his, hovering close enough that he can feel Kevin’s breath against his lips. The hitch in Kevin’s breath betrays his faked irritation. 





“We won’t,” Neil whispers. He kisses Kevin once, lips wrapping around his lower lip to suck on it softly before he pulls away. “But if we do, I”ll make it up to you.”





Kevin’s skin is hot to the touch as Neil explores his torso, feeling every hard line and curve. It contrasts with the softness of his mouth. His lips full, and wet and gentle when they mold against Neil’s. It sends a flutter down Neil’s spine, that grows as Kevin’s tongue presses against his lips. 





Kevin mimics the movements of his hands, moving them up Neil’s spine as Neil moves his up Kevin’s chest. His fingers dig in to his shoulders a bit when Neil slides a nail over Kevin’s nipple. The soft moan Kevin lets out is so quiet he feels it more than hears it, the taste of it addicting. 





“Make it up to me tomorrow,” Kevin says breathlessly, head knocking back to allow Neil access to run his lips over Kevin’s throat. He lets a quiet moan as Neil’s teeth press down, his fingers pressing in harder to Neil’s skin. 





“The game isn’t for two days,” Neil says before running an apologetic tongue over the teeth shaped indents on Kevin’s neck. He can feel Kevin shiver underneath him. 





“Watch the game tomorrow with the other half of the team,” Kevin goes on as if Neil had never spoken.





The television lets out a buzzing sound. Someone scored. He shifts, hovering his face over Kevin’s again. Kevin grips Neil’s hips to grind them down against his own, pulling out a shattered breath from Neil.





“USC just scored,” Neil says, knocking his nose against Kevin’s. “I don’t need to watch it. I know it by heart.”





“That’s the hottest thing you’ve ever said,” Kevin says with a look so serious that laughter explodes in Neil’s chest. He smothers it against Kevin’s lips as the door to their dorm flies open.





Neil doesn’t stop kissing
belly swoop, and he lets out a breathless laugh that must sound nervous because Liam's voice softens, fingers rubbing at the tendons on the inside of his wrist.

“This okay?”

“Yeah, Liam,” Zayn breathes back without hesitation. He feels as if it might make him shatter across the sheets, but definitely okay. “Fuck.”

Liam slides his lips across Zayn's quickly before tending to his hands. The tie is tight, but not too much, and Liam tugs on it a little with a questioning look that Zayn nods at.

“I'll still find a way to touch you,” Zayn says lowly, grinning as he tries to push up some to capture Liam's lips with his own. It proves to be harder than expected, especially when Liam pulls farther away from him.

“Not like this,” Liam says, and he is leaning forward, tugging on Zayn's wrists again.

Zayn pouts as Liam lets him go but his hands stay in place, harder to move where they hang above his head. He tilts back, taking in the way the tie connects from his wrists to one of the poles in Liam's headboard.

“Babe,” Zayn groans softly, legs spreading out as his dick twitches under Liam. Witty comments strike his thoughts but all he can do is shiver out soft moans as Liam's hands warm down his sides and his tongue rolls down his neck. The urge to touch Liam already seems like too much; to drag his fingers through his curls, scratch at his back or get a grip around his hips - something.

“Gonna make you watch me,” Liam murmurs huskily before nipping at his throat, fingers curling at the waistband of his jeans to tug them down his hips some. “Make m’self come.”

Zayn’s breath is shaky as Liam pulls back to lean across the bed. He keeps his eyes locked on Liam as he hears the other man shuffle around in the drawer before producing an opened bottle of lube.

“Gonna finger y’self? Even though you like my fingers better?”

Liam presses his lips tightly together as he nods. He falls back between Zayn's legs, showing off his bunched up belly and bare, toned thighs, the white fabric of his briefs and how they barely hide the hard of his cock. It is obscene, watching the way Liam cups himself, groaning lowly before he drops the bottle of lube onto the bed to wiggle the material off.

Zayn pulls against the restraints like a habit as Liam's dick slaps wetly against his navel. His legs spread, over Zayn's, giving him a full view of the vein on the underside, the flushed color taking over his prick, the dark of his balls and the way his bum rounds as he shifts against the sheets.

Zayn clenches his eyes shut, trying to catch his breath as he hears the cap of the bottle pop open.

“Get proper loose f’ me?”

Liam flicks his eyes up at Zayn, a look of concentration on his reddened face. There is a slight shake in his fingers as he dribbles lube onto himself, messily. Zayn watches every drop slide against his skin before Liam touches himself, fingers tickling down his length.

“Beautiful,” Zayn breathes because he knows that Liam gets nervous like this even if he refuses to tell him so. He has asked Liam to touch himself before, and the lad had looked so overwhelmed, begging Zayn quietly to talk to him while doing so. “Proper hard thinkin’ about my fingers?”

“I like my fingers just fine,” Liam huffs out as he cups his balls, rubbing his fingers against himself. The dim light on reflects against the slick of the lube, sticky on Liam's fingers as he dribbles more onto them. “Don't even need you.”

Zayn makes a displeased noise as he kicks his ankle against Liam's hip. Liam laughs quietly, shaking his head.

“Joking,” he promises, slipping his fingers lower. His legs spread more as he leans back further, resting on an elbow as he slips his fingers between his cheeks.

He over plays it, but Zayn can't complain because he looks so good like this, his lips parted and eyes falling shut as he rubs a finger against himself. Zayn can't see well, but he knows the crease in Liam's brow means he has pushed past the rim.

Fuck, Zayn moves his hips up like his jeans are enough to relieve the pressure building between his legs. It doesn't, and Liam had moved his jeans down enough that they barely cover his cock. He strains against his briefs, soaking the material as he watches Liam fuck his finger into himself, a tension taking over his thighs.

He always trembles when Zayn gets his fingers into him, even if they have just started. It is like he craves the feel, craves getting fucked and Zayn is more than happy to satiate his need. He wants to now, nails digging into his palms in frustration because he wants to touch Liam so fucking bad.

He drags his toes
at Ned’s apartment, because it is less empty than his own. It is Zayn’s fault, probably, since he hasn’t put up any decorations and he hasn’t bought that much furniture. He doesn’t see the point of decoration nor having a lot of furniture if only one person lives there. But he likes Ned’s apartment for those reasons. It looks lived in more than his own.

He likes being in the back of the pub too, even if he sips slowly at one drink all night. He likes the crowd and the music and being surrounded by it all. He doesn’t care if he sits quietly to himself listening to Ned chat up some girl, or if he is part of the conversation too.

He just likes being surrounded by life.

Especially when his mind is busy with Whispers and blockers, the fact that there are people out there just like him. Thousands of people and clusters and he never knew about it until now.

Normally he never cares about other people’s problems because he has too many of his own to worry about, but he finds himself worried about a girl in Mexico City because of her obsession with hacking computers and saying fuck off to the law. He gets angry when her mother calls Yesenia by her birth name, and refuses to speak to the girl that Yesenia loves with a force that Zayn has never felt before.

He worries about Asha in Nairobi because all she does is good but there is always a target on her back. He hates how dry her mouth is and that she will offer the little water she has to someone else before taking the sip herself. His heart aches every time he slides his fingers over her mother’s hot forehead. He feels the way he feels about his own sisters every time he looks at her. Protective. And he kind of hates that too because he doesn’t quite get the relationship between the sensates enough to trust that he will be able to protect her always.

And Seung in Seoul, who sits in a prison cell all day and night with a mind busier than his own. Who listens to silence all day, only interrupted by the heavy thump of guard’s boots and barely talks to any of them when they visit. He only ever asks them to stay, and Zayn understands, because he had always hated being alone.

Zayn can be alone now though, anywhere and anytime, while still being surrounded by so much life and he is worried about all of it.

“What’s on your mind, love?”

Soft fingers slide across the stubble on his jaw. Too soft of fingers, but he still hopes to see Liam’s face there even though the voice is wrong and Liam never touches him.

It isn’t Liam, and Zayn takes another sip of his drink. He isn’t good with time zones, and he isn’t quite sure what time it is where Liam is. Sometimes at night it is light there, and sometimes it is light at the same time. He doesn't know if he is at work or at the gym or hanging out with the girls he is always with. Platonic, he thinks, but he can't help the flare of jealousy.

Liam gets flustered when they flirt. His cheeks get fidgety and he seems at a loss for words. He is the same with Zayn, sometimes, but he doesn’t push Zayn’s hand away like he does with those girls so Zayn takes it as a good sign.  

“Life,” Zayn tells the woman as he places the cup back on the table. He turns and she doesn’t hesitate to stand between the spread of his legs. She is pretty with hair that reminds him of Elena, long and dark, and the same, always half confident half flirty smile that Kiran wears.

“Want a dance? Forget about life?”

The girl’s hand slips down his throat, over his pulse. The sensates are always on his mind, but he swears there is a constant repeat of Liam, Liam, Liam in the back of his brain.

“Alright love,” Zayn says, slipping a hand over her waist. It is stronger than expected, thicker than it had appeared a moment ago.

The sky is still light in America, but the cooler air signals nightfall is coming. Zayn smells something sweet like chocolate cooking in the small kitchen, and under the thump of techno music playing at the bar, he can hear the beat of some pop song on the radio.

Soft hands curl around his neck and a thin body presses up against his front, but the strong hands on his neck and the heavier, wider body against him takes most of his attention. He smells perfume and cologne, sweat and the clean scent of soap.

There is a gasp against his lips that tastes like chocolate and alcohol. He doesn’t know which song he is moving his body to, the one in the bar or the one in Liam’s kitchen.

Liam and him don’t move in the kitchen, they stand with their foreheads pressed
’s safety. And the freedom to touch Zayn without worry is in the back of his mind, but it is too selfish of a thought to bring forward.





As if Zayn can hear his thoughts, a clearing of the throat has Liam turning to find Zayn in his doorway.





Liam has blurted out that Zayn is beautiful before, to his own embarrassment, but he can’t help it. He has never met anyone as beautiful, or known a man with such softness and delicacy but such a strength mixed in. 

Mo duinne

, his dark haired lad. 





“I don’t know your name,” Zayn says as a greeting. He crosses his arms over his chest. There is a hesitancy in him to come forward so Liam stays where he stands as well. His hair is fluffy from laying down, stuck to his forehead. His dark eyelashes flutter over his cheekbones. They are longer and thicker than Liam has ever seen on anyone.





“Payne. Liam James Geoffrey Horan Payne.”





Zayn lets out a loud snort. “Zayn Payne. Huh, that sounds horrid.”





Some of the tension seeps away from Liam. He likes it a lot actually, more than he would ever admit. He has never thought he would be married, he has nothing to give other than himself and a home he cannot return to, but the more he sits with the idea the more he likes it.





“Zayn Gibbons isna music to the ear.”





Zayn grins. His eyes crinkle when he does. Liam likes the way his eyes squint and his nose scrunches up when he laughs. Sometimes the tip of his tongue presses into the corner of his mouth and it is distracting. Liam has never been distracted so easily in his life. “No, I suppose it isn’t.”





“Liam Brannan?” Liam suggests.





Zayn shakes his head with a serious expression. “No.” He watches Liam for a long moment before speaking again. “Did you agree to this?”





Liam hesitates. “Aye.”





It seems to be the right answer as Zayn relaxes visibly. “I was just making sure Niall wasn’t punishing you for letting me escape and then 

not

 punishing me for it.”





Liam could laugh at that. Niall had told him to punish Zayn, ordered him to actually, even gave him the belt to do it, but he couldn’t. He would do anything if it meant having something of his older brother. 





And the idea of Zayn being harmed, in any way, makes him feel like he has poison inside of him.





“I give ye my word, Sassenach. It is not a punishment for me.”





He watches the flash of white between Zayn’s lips as he drags his teeth over his bottom lip. He had thought Zayn was going to kiss him the night before with the way he had been touching him. He had never been so affected by a simple touch like that one on his arms, even when Zayn has touched his bare skin before.





He wanted Zayn last night, badly. It was hard not to crush Zayn against the wall until he could feel just how badly he wanted him. He had to take himself into his hand before returning to the pub, and then drink whiskey until his thoughts of Zayn burned away. 





That had been his mistake, and there is a thought in the far back of his mind that that had been Zayn’s plan.





“Does it bother you I’m not a virgin?”





The question brings Liam’s attention away from the thought of Zayn the night before. “No. Does it bother you that I am one?” 





Zayn hesitates for a moment, as if he is surprised, but he responds with a shake of his head. “No.” His eyes linger on him for a moment before he turns to leave. “Goodnight, Mister Payne.”





Liam bows slightly, hand resting over his belly. “Goodnight, Sassenach.”



Thank you so much a thousand times over again! I hope you enjoy this chapter it was one of my favorites to write!! Love you all mwah


“Do I really have to wear a kilt?”




Harry looks up from where he kneels before Zayn, stitching a hem around the bottom of the kilt. A lot of the men are bigger than Zayn, taller and broader. He could wrap the kilt around himself twice and it would still be too big. 





“Well, I suppose ye dinna have to but Liam was verra clear about wanting a proper wedding. Ye could ask him. These are O’Braonain colors here. Ye dinna ken yer family, but I thought maybe ye would like it.”





Zayn lets out a long sigh in response. He doesn’t want to see Liam. They have barely spoken about it, but what else is there to say? “I like it a lot, Harry, thank you. Do all the men go bare underneath?”





“Oh, aye,” Harry chuckles.





Zayn feels his face grow hot. The night before his escape he had wanted to pull Liam until their hips were pressed up against each other. There would have only been the thin material of
“Alright, Papa?” Oliver asks, not looking at him. He is nervous, his cheeks have been bright red all morning, and his fingers haven’t stopped ticking against his thighs. “Your eyes are red.”

Liam huffs out a laugh, tightening his tie before patting Oliver’s cheeks. He had cried all morning, but he isn’t ever going to admit it. Not even to Zayn, who had laughed against his cheek even though tears slipped down his own. “Of course, I’m alright. Are you?”

A grin tugs at Oliver’s lips as he drags his teeth over his bottom lip, giving Liam a jerky shrug that reminds him so much of Zayn. He swears Ollie looks more like his Baba than he does him. “‘Course. Just gettin’ married or whatever. Not a big deal.”

Liam snorts at the nervous waver in his son’s voice, pulling Oliver close so he can press a kiss to his forehead. The tears build up quickly in his throat, his heart erratic in his chest and he is glad Oliver no longer squirms away from his too long of forehead kisses like he used to when he was younger.

“Hey Ollie,” his youngest boy interrupts, wrapping his fingers around his big brother’s wrist. Zayn pads behind Wally, fingers pressed to the back of his head to guide him. Wally presses his palms to his own suit, glancing down at it. “Do I look Best Man ready?”

Oliver huffs out a laugh, tucking his finger under Wally’s chin. “‘Course. Where’s my flower girl?”

A girlish giggle sounds behind them, an excited sound that tugs at Liam’s heart strings and makes him turn around. Anya runs from Ollie’s other groomsmen, Alfie, to her big brother, fingers tugging at her dress before she twirls around to show it off.

“Me,” Anya giggles, cheeks round and eyes bright as she looks up at her older brother, but reaches for Zayn’s hand. Waliyha had curled her hair into big curls, making them bounce with every step. There are flowers woven throughout her dark hair, matching the mint green ones printed on her dress.

Zayn lifts her so she can be face to face with Oliver, as Wally clings to his side. It makes Liam’s heart ache, especially when Zayn’s hand slides against his lower back, grounding him and bringing him in like he knows about the happy ache in his chest but his need to comforted.

“Papa’s gonna cry again,” Oliver says, rolling his eyes but his lips quirk up. Liam frowns, lips pouting out but the tears bubble up over his eyelids before he can stop them.

+*

Liam sucks in a breath, peeking at the crowd of people in front of them. His family sits in the front of the aisle with Zayn’s, Niall and Harry behind them. Maria guides Anya down the aisle, wiggling her fingers at Layla and Danny who sit close to the aisle. She keeps a firm hand wrapped around the little ones, because she has a tendency to start running without warning.

“I have to go get my seat,” Zayn says quietly under the music. His lips graze over his cheek, his palm pressed over Liam’s heart. “Just breathe, jaan. You look more nervous than Ollie.”

Liam laughs quietly, but it feels tense. He does feel nervous, nervous to lose a piece of him even though he knows that is not the case. He just wants Oliver to be little again, dependent on him and dragging around stuffed tigers everywhere, and not moving out and starting his own life without him.

Starting a family, giving them grandchildren. Liam sucks in a breath, trying to calm himself before he jumps too far ahead of himself and starts to panic.  

“I am,” Liam whispers, glancing at Oliver, whose cheeks blow out as he exhales and fidgets with his tie nervously. “Our boy is all grown up.”

Zayn smiles softly, his features warm enough to warm through Liam, before planting a kiss to Liam’s lips. “Always our little boy, though. Just look at his eyes.”

Liam’s smile feels more genuine as he nods, watching his son. He does see it, that brightness that has been there ever since he was small enough to be cradled in Liam’s arms, the round cheeks and the constant curious cock of his head.

“Break a leg,” Zayn laughs, as he moves away from Liam, but he barely gets a foot away from him before Oliver is reaching out with a panic stricken look on his face.

“Where you goin’ Baba?” Oliver asks, frowning as he circles his fingers around Zayn’s wrist. Liam’s heart jumps up into his throat, making the tears there feel harder to swallow down. “I want you to walk me down, too.”

Zayn’s mouth falls open slightly, something breaking across his face as he stares at their son. He only nods, swallowing before he is taking the arm opposite
him, warming the skin of his back, shoving his shirt into his armpits before running down his spine and gripping onto his bum. His thumbs dig into the inside of his thighs as he moves his hands down the back of them.

It makes him nervous, spread out bare in front of Liam like this. But that flicker of anxiety is drowned out by the pleasure that rolls through him as Liam peppers kisses over his spine, his hands massaging his bare skin.

Zayn jerks his hips back roughly, earning a soft laugh from Liam before he disappears from behind him.

He can hear Liam's footsteps but the bed and his position keeps him from seeing him. He hears the sound of their nightstand drawer opening and closing before Liam speaks again.

“Thought I was goin’ mad it felt so good to be inside of you.”

Zayn buries his face into the crook of his elbow, his face burning. The first time Liam had said anything like that to him he thought he was going to die. It had been whispered in his ear, around their band mates. Liam had been quiet and the others were too drunk to notice, but Zayn had gotten so hot he felt like Liam lit a flame on his skin.

Liam has said many things to him since, but that flame on his skin still burns just as hot.

“You looked it, your eyes get blown out and shocked looking whenever you come.”

Liam's chuckle is hoarse as Zayn feels him kneel behind him again. He presses against him, his hands roaming over his sides, and Zayn bites down onto his arm as he feels Liam's cloth covered cock press between his cheeks.

“You look like you're being exorcised.”

“Shut up,” Zayn laughs, rolling his hips back and making Liam’s fingers dig into his hips harshly in retaliation, “And get on with it.”

“Joking, joking.” The sound of a bottle opening makes Zayn’s heart leap and he pleads silently that Liam doesn't drag it out like he does sometimes. His prick hangs hard and heavy between his legs, his body tensed with need. He doesn’t think he could handle Liam dragging it out.

“You always look beautiful,” Liam says so quietly he can barely hear it over the distant music. Another song he doesn’t know, but the sound of Liam’s voice is more familiar to him than his own.

Liam’s slick hands spread over his cheeks, the pad of his thumb dipping dangerously close to his hole. “But that is definitely one of my favorite looks of yours.”

Zayn tenses more as Liam rubs his thumb over him. The first time Liam had stretched him open, the first intrusion of a finger felt so uncomfortable he didn't understand how Liam enjoyed it so much. But Liam took his time, until Zayn’s whole body shook with the need for more.

And when Liam first slid his prick into him, Zayn had thought embarrassingly he wasn't going to last more than a few strokes before he painted Liam’s belly with come.

“I was in the studio thinking about those little noises you make,” Liam goes on casually, only a slight tightness in his voice revealing any effect this has on him.

Zayn moans under his breath, the sound muffled into his arm as the tip of Liam’s finger presses into him. He fights himself not to push his hips back. He has been too eager before, not waiting for Liam to stretch him properly, and that had hurt.

“Like that,” Liam groans, “Bit embarrassing really getting a stiff while at work.”

Zayn’s laugh comes out strangled and louder than he intended as Liam’s finger moves further. He wishes he could see Liam’s face then as the sound of a moan rumbles in the other man’s throat.

“Touchin’ yourself?” Zayn asks. He pushes up on his hands, supporting himself better to move back against Liam's touch. He can’t see anything other than Liam’s gaze looking down when he looks over his shoulder.

“I can't help it. Seein’ you like this -”

Liam falters as if he lost his words. His fingers jerk against him, the second prodding against his hole.

“Don't. Touch me instead,” Zayn begs quietly, closing his eyes to better imagine what Liam looks like with a hand around his prick and his eyes intent on Zayn, legs spread wide with his fingers working him open.

Zayn spreads his legs further apart, waiting for Liam to understand. Liam is quiet a moment, working the second finger beside the first before the warmth of his slick palm slides between his legs.

Zayn's head falls as Liam cups his balls, massaging gently before sliding his hand over the length of his cock. He thumbs at the head, lapping up the drops of precome pebbling out.

“Want me?” Liam asks huskily, his fingers curling around his shaft as the fingers of his other hands dance deeper inside of him. Liam mouths at the round of his bum
, the ball of arousal in his gut threatening to break with every rough drag of Liam’s palm against him.

There are actual flames licking over the walls behind Liam’s back as Liam chokes out a soft moan, hips fucking up towards Zayn’s hand. He doesn't say anything, only shifts a palm over Liam’s back with hope his cold fingers will ease him.

“Good?” Zayn hiccups out as Liam’s lips shift over his.

“Very,” Liam whispers, biting sharply at his bottom lip as he moans. “Can I -?”

“What?” Zayn breathes as Liam’s fingers slip away from him, stilling the movement of his own. Anticipation rocks through him as Liam’s fingers trace down his hips before he is lowering himself down and onto his knees.

“Oh,” Zayn blurts as Liam’s fingers curl around him. There is a shy look in his eyes before he nudges forward, his lips obscene the way they part over the head.

He has to look away as an overwhelmed feeling takes over him as Liam’s mouth wraps around the tip of his prick. The flames have disappeared, but the feeling of them ghosts over his limbs. His fingers slide over Liam’s head as he chances another look down, a moan ripping from his throat as he eyes the stretch of Liam’s lips, the flutter of his eyelashes around his brows and the way his prick slowly slips further into Liam’s mouth.

“Oh, fuck, Liam,” Zayn moans quietly as Liam’s tongue rubs underneath him. A tremor rocks through him as Liam moans into it. He grips Liam’s jaw, dragging his thumb over the coarse head there as Liam sink lower. “Can you?”

Liam’s dark eyes flick up to him as he pulls off, tongue flicking out to drag across the tip. The cool sweeps up his spine but he swallows it down. “Can you um, touch yourself.”

Liam’s eyes flutter back closed as he wraps his lips back around him, sucking softly as he reaches down between his legs. It is only a breath later that the slick sound of Liam’s hand working his prick sounds through the room, echoing loudly in his ears.

“C’mere,” Zayn huffs out desperately, digging his fingers into Liam’s shoulder until his pulls off. A flame flickers in his eyes as he stands, lips knocking against his immediately. He groans into it, hips knocking into the movement of his hand until Liam’s fingers curl back around him.

“Liam,” Zayn breathes, fingers tickling over the other man’s length. The flames return against the wall as he take Liam’s dick into his hand, thumb rubbing under the slippery head. The words he wants to speak are at the tip of his tongue but he chokes out a moan instead, feeling the ball of pleasure growing in his navel.

“Gonna,” Liam chokes out, head tilting back as Zayn’s teeters close to his own release. The flames lick over Liam’s neck as well, tickling at his jaw and Zayn doesn't think about it before he glides his hand over it.

It doesn't burn, but he gasps loudly as he comes, streaking out over Liam’s fingers. Liam's knock against his own to muffle the sound, his body tensing and trembling as he rests his weight against him, pushing him hard against the wall.

Zayn kisses him through it, savoring every moan shuddered against his tongue as Liam comes. He wants to print each moan into his memory, write poems on how beautiful a sound it is if he could ever find the right words to describe it. It rushes through him, like the flames licking over his knuckles.

“Zayn,” Liam breathes, sliding his hands over his hips to press them properly together. He flicks his eyes open and Zayn tries not to gasp at the actual flames in his eyes.

“Liam,” Zayn repeats, dragging his thumb over his bottom lip as he tries to calm the static of pleasure still making his body tremble and his chest fall and rise at a quick place.

“We did it.”

Zayn blurts out a laugh as he curls his arms around Liam's shoulders and smothers kisses to his lips. The flames on the wall slowly sink away, leaving no sign that they were even there.

“You're such a cornball,” Zayn whispers fondly, warming his palm over Liam’s sweat covered abdomen.

“You love me,” Liam murmurs, tucking his finger under Zayn's chin to lift it. Zayn stills, wondering if Liam even realized he said the word he said. “You okay?”

Zayn nods, shifting a smile over his lips. “Never better.”

It takes them awhile to pull themselves away from each other enough to pull their close back on, wash their hands and leave. The red never leaves Liam’s face, even when they step outside into the cool autumn air. It clings to him too, as he wonders if he should tell Liam about the fire