extremely enjoyable activities, but mostly Tony just feels awe and admiration at these times. Tony knows exactly what it's like to be consumed with your passion, to lose time and reality as you happily drown in it and only surface when the craving is temporarily sated. Not many people understand Tony's constant and encompassing need for stimulation, his tendency to lock himself downstairs in his lab for hours or even days a time when the urge to think, to construct, to create is too strong to deny.

But Steve understands because Steve always understands. Steve only encourages and supports him, never asking for anything in return, never pushing for explanations that Tony can't articulate, never covetous of the times that Tony needs to be alone, and that means more to Tony than Tony can even find the words to admit to himself. In those moments when Steve simply smiles at him and tells him to go downstairs when Tony gets restless, drumming his fingers on his thigh, the only thing Tony can do is press a grateful kiss on Steve's lips, tell Steve I love you and hope it's sufficient, even if Tony knows he still doesn't say those words enough.

It's only that consideration and selflessness that keeps Tony from doing something terribly invasive, because Tony always wonders what fills those secretive pages. Steve never lets anyone look at his sketchbooks, adorably bashful and embarrassed whenever someone asks to look, as if he can't understand why anyone would be interested. Tony knows Steve's filling his third sketchbook now, filling it with elusive and mysterious art that Tony has no concept of but is increasingly desperate to see. Tony's certain, whatever form Steve's art takes, that it's honest, and candid, and genuine, a reflection of Steve and all that he is; Tony can't believe anything else. And Steve's art surely must be beautiful, too, because Steve is beautiful in every way.

And Tony aches with want. The sketchbook has become something of an obsession of Tony's, a forbidden temptation that represents all of Steve's innermost and most intimate thoughts, his dreams and worries, his desires and hopes, his aspirations and wishes… Everything that makes Steve the man he is, the man that Tony could not help but fall in love with. But despite Tony's best efforts, it was only so long that Tony could endure the irresistible enticement before he pushed Steve, trying to wheedle Steve into showing him at least a few sketches, Tony's curiosity threatening to become unbearable.

It was quickly moving from a matter of simply wanting to one of need, and Tony did ultimately get permission. Tony knew as soon as he started pushing that he would because Steve is selfless, a giver, but Tony's elation at the prospect of having what he so long desired lasted only the briefest moments. It was impossible to not see how uncomfortable Steve was with the idea of letting Tony see his sketchbook, of making himself that vulnerable, his posture tense and awkward, his mouth pinched unhappily, unable to maintain eye contact as he reluctantly held the sketchbook out for Tony to take.

Steve may have said yes, but it was clear that he wasn't truly willing to let Tony look, only agreeing because he loved Tony more than Tony sometimes thought Steve should, and it was in that moment, when Tony saw the slight tremor in Steve's hand and the unease in his eyes, that Tony knew he wouldn't take it. He couldn't, no matter how much he wanted to and how great the temptation was. Not many things he did made Tony feel ashamed or regretful, but he felt both then for being so insistent and demanding that Steve share his art just because it was what Tony wanted. Tony wasn't sure if Steve realized just how desperate Tony actually was to see it, and he also wasn't sure (though Tony puzzled over it quite often) why Steve was so adamant about keeping his art private even from him, from the rest of the Avengers, but neither mattered. What did matter was not making Steve do anything he didn’t want to do, and if Tony accepted Steve's hesitant offer, Tony would have been an even bigger asshole that he could have stood being. He told Steve no, to offer again when he truly wanted to, and the relief and gratitude that Tony could read on Steve's face as he brought the sketchbook to his chest and close to his heart told Tony that he made the only decision he possibly could have.

That didn't stop Tony from desiring, though, and he still does. It's like an itch under his skin, one that Tony can never soothe. And as Steve continues to draw, Tony continues to ache as he watches the pencil sweep across the white pages. He tries to content himself with simply watching Steve from afar, but it doesn't work as well as Tony would have liked. Still, there's nothing else he can do, only watch and imagine, imagine all the
to the side and he groans. "Tony."

Tony bites back his own groan. When Steve says his name like that, so husky and needy and like Tony's his everything, Tony's unbearably aroused and devastatingly humbled. Tony wants to hear more.

"Does that feel good?" he whispers in Steve's ear, his lips brushing over the shell.

All Tony wants to do is make Steve feel good. He watches Steve's face in the mirror, fixated and intense, watches one blissful expression replace another as Tony works on loosening all the knots coiled tight in Steve's shoulders. Tony listens greedily as Steve gives him audible proof of how good Tony's making him feel, and it's not long before Steve's sagging against him, his eyes almost closed as the relaxing lethargy from the massage overtakes him.

"Better?" Tony asks quietly when Steve's been reduced to mere whimpers and soft moans, practically boneless in Tony’s arms.

Steve nods and drops his head down on Tony's shoulder, Tony's arms going back around Steve to hold him close.

"Tony, I…" Steve half turns around and lifts his head so he can press a kiss to the underside of Tony's jaw. "Thank you."

The awe and gratitude Tony can hear in those two little words are definitely more than Tony deserves. Still, he just tightens his arms around Steve and leans down so he can kiss Steve's parted lips. Steve kisses back, moving his lips gently over Tony's and pushing his tongue in Tony’s mouth, and Tony quickly remembers that Steve's naked in his arms, naked and warm and very tempting. It’s only natural that one of his hands slides further down until his fingers brush the hair at Steve's groin. Steve's breath hitches when Tony starts tugging on the hairs teasingly, and Tony smirks against Steve's lips.

"Tony…"

Tony likes the slightly breathy quality to Steve's voice and the need he can hear underlying his name. "Yeah?" Tony asks, tugging harder and licking the shell of Steve's ear, blowing hot air over it and making Steve shiver. "Do you want something?"

As always, Steve's never difficult to arouse, and when Tony curls his fingers around Steve's cock at Steve's whispered, "Please," Steve's already hard and eager. Steve gasps and thrusts shallowly into Tony's hand.

"Feels like you have some tension here, Cap," Tony says, stroking Steve slow and light, teasing. "I'm sure I can work that out, too."

Steve huffs out a quiet chuckle and reaches a hand around to grab the back of Tony's head. "Only you can," he says, and Tony's arousal spikes as it does every time Steve plays into his possessiveness.

Tony moves his hand faster, wanting to make Steve come and remind him that yes, Tony is the only one who can. "Look at yourself," he orders. "I want you to watch yourself fall apart under my hands."

Steve's next breath is shaky and he doesn't answer Tony verbally, but he does turn his head and look into the mirror as Tony told him. Their eyes meet, and seeing Steve obey, seeing him flushed, his chest heaving and muscles straining has Tony’s cock throbbing in his jeans. There’s something about being fully clothed while Steve’s bare, something about the contrast and friction that’s making Tony lose his mind.

Steve’s fingers tighten around Tony’s neck, digging into the skin so hard that there will be bruises, and he pants wetly as gorgeous pleasured murmurs and moans of Tony’s name repeatedly fall from his lips. Steve has very impressive stamina when he has a mind for it, something the both of them take advantage whenever they can, but Tony prides himself on his ability to test that stamina and see how quickly he can make Steve lose control.

He keeps stroking Steve, making his grip a little firmer, and slides his other hand back up Steve’s chest, fingertips teasing along the dips and lines of Steve’s muscles until he can rub over Steve’s nipples.

“Oh!” Steve says pleased, jerking in his arms, and Tony smirks in satisfaction; he loves hearing Steve’s enjoyment. Steve’s nipples are definitely a hot spot of his, and they immediately peak under Tony’s hands.

Steve’s still watching them in the mirror, and Tony’s not sure how much more of that dark and intense gaze he can take, or just seeing Steve’s naked body on perfect display. Dropping his head down, Tony nips along Steve’s shoulders, sucking and licking to soothe any tiny hurt, and Steve practically melts in his arms from the overload of sensation, sagging heavily against Tony.

Tony doesn’t mind. “C’mon,” he encourages, swiping his thumb over the head of Steve’s cock and pinching a
top coat, but Brad grabs his hand before Adam can. "I know that because I have eyes," Brad says. "And it is my wedding day, so I can talk about whatever I want."

Adam recognizes the stubborn tone, and sighs, lifting his head. "Brad, please. I don't want to talk about this now."

Brad stares at him a moment. "So when? You don't have a lot of time - he's leaving tomorrow. And I swear to god, Adam, if you let him leave again, you don't want to know what I'm going to do to you. But it'll hurt."

This time Brad lets him grab the top coat. "I will," Adam says once he's finished one hand. "I have to. I've been thinking about it since the instant I saw him standing on your porch. There," he says, studying his handiwork. "Pretty and shiny. Just like you."

Brad laughs and holds up his hand, scrutinizing his nails. "It'll do."

Adam knows Brad's teasing, but he says, "I don't know why I put up with you."

"Because I'm irresistible," Brad says, and Adam just rolls his eyes, standing up.

"At least Steve's going to be the one putting up with you most of the time soon. Do you want me to do your make-up now?"

"I want you to be happy, Adam," Brad says instead, and Adam knew it was too much to hope for that Brad would let this go so easily. 

"Brad..."

"I want you to be happy," Brad says again. "And Tommy's the one who will make you happy. Maybe it was the wrong time before, I don't know, but I do know that letting him go again is a mistake. You mess this chance up and you won't get another one."

Brad leans up on his toes and places a light kiss on Adam's mouth. "You can be happy," he whispers, and Adam has to close his eyes from the rush of emotion. He wants it, wants to be happy with Tommy. Brad might not know, but Adam knows they did have to break-up three years ago - they both needed it so they could be selfish for a while, accomplish some of their goals, not be so dependent on one another. But now Adam needs Tommy back; being apart, their only contact the odd email or phone call every month, is not an option anymore; it's not enough.

"I know," Adam says, and when he looks at Brad, Brad's smiling.

"Good. And besides," he says, waving a hand, "Steve really liked Tommy, and I miss him, too. I want to double date."

Brad's always been able to lighten the mood, and Adam chuckles. "Sure, we'll double date."

"I'm glad you see things my way," Brad says haughtily. "And now make-up."



*

Brad doesn’t bring Tommy up again the rest of the morning, for which Adam is thankful. He already has plenty to think and worry about without Brad adding on to it. By nine, Brad is dressed and beautiful, nearly vibrating with excitement, and Adam's finally able to get his own shower. He's not overly surprised to find Brad wrapped up in Steve's arms once he comes downstairs when he's dressed. Brad may have wanted to sleep apart, but there was no way Brad would have been able to wait until the actual wedding to see Steve. 

Wanting to give them some privacy, Adam checks on the back yard to make sure everything's still perfect, and then the rest of the morning passes in a blur with the caterer, musicians, justice of the peace, and photographer arriving and Adam making sure they're all prepared. Adam doesn't even get to take more than a few calming breaths because the guests starting arriving, and everything devolves into chaos, at least it feels that way to Adam.

By the time everyone is seated in the backyard and the first chords of the wedding march that Brad insisted on are playing, Adam's ready for a drink. He was too busy to speak more than a few passing words to Tommy, but Adam's been hyper aware of Tommy's presence on his periphery. Brad struts down the aisle, confident and assured like it's a runway, and Steve waits for him at the end with such a loving expression on his face that it almost feels like Adam's barging in on an intimate moment. The ceremony itself isn't long as it isn’t a religious service, and Adam's not too proud to admit that he had to blink back tears hearing Brad's declaration of love and devotion, and Steve's answering promise. It was thoroughly by Adam's sheer force
insinuation lacing them that goes right to Tommy's horny dick.

And holy fuck, did it just get hot in here. Chris' eyes meet Tommy's and there's no mistaking the heat in them. It's a little jarring, because just five minutes ago he and Chris were sitting here in uncomfortable silence, subtly checking each other out, and now Chris is practically eye-fucking him.

Not that Tommy has any problem with that; it's really, really hot. He was going to take Chris to the beach, walk up and down the boardwalk, maybe pop into an arcade or ice cream shop, but he's perfectly fine with scrapping that plan and getting to know Chris in bed instead.

Chris licks his lips, his fingers still caressing Tommy's arms.

Tommy's really okay with it.

"You wanna get outta here?" he asks, pitching his voice low and husky so there's no mistaking his intent.

Chris' eyes widen just a bit at Tommy's blunt question and he swallows, Adam's apple moving. He recovers quickly and nods. "Yeah," he says.

The eagerness he's trying to hide is a huge fucking turn-on, too.

Tommy doesn't waste any time in dragging him out of the coffee shop.

As soon as Tommy gets the door shut, Chris is all over him, lips hot and demanding over his, hands running over Tommy's body. Tommy's not idle himself, returning Chris' kiss with a passion that surprises even him as he maneuvers them toward his bedroom. He fumbles with the doorknob, but he's able to get a hold of it and wrenches it open, pulling Chris inside.

It's not until then that their lips finally part, Tommy's heart pounding and his hard cock straining uncomfortably against the tight leather. Chris is staring at him, his face flushed and his lips red and begging to be kissed.

"Fuck, you're gorgeous," Tommy says, unable to resist reaching out and tangling his fingers in Chris' hair and crushing their lips together again.

Chris gives as good as he gets, practically climbing on Tommy, and pressing so close not even air is between them. Tommy takes a step backward and his calves bump against his bed, and he looses his balance, falling back. Chris goes down with him, unconcerned at the abrupt change in orientation, his lips still devouring Tommy's as he wraps his arms around Tommy, his legs on either side of him. The new position pushes their groins together and it draws a low groan from both of them.

Chris rips his lips away and attaches them to Tommy's neck, sucking for all he's worth and wildly rocking his hips.

Tommy can't hold in a moan, his own hips rolling into Chris', and he grabs Chris' ass, squeezing and shamelessly groping him. It feels good, fuck it feels good, but Tommy needs more.

"Chris," he gasps out. "Clothes. Off."

It takes a second, but Chris straightens, sitting on Tommy's stomach, panting. Tommy can feel his neck faintly throbbing, and he'll definitely have a hickey there tomorrow. He doesn't care. It's fucking hot. He's got plenty of concealer, anyway.

Chris looks down at him, bottom lip pulled between his teeth, already looking debauched and wanton, and then he's grabbing the hem of Tommy's shirt and tugging it up and off. The cool air in the room makes goosebumps rise on Tommy's stomach.

Chris pulls off his own shirt, and then goes to work on his jeans, Tommy following suit. Tommy's desperate to get Chris naked, to feel his skin and get a look at the hard cock that's been tempting him.

His eyes nearly roll back into his head when their dicks touch for the first time, hot skin against hot skin. Chris immediately starts moving, and Tommy can barely look at him. Chris is too sexy like that, naked and rocking over Tommy, eyes closed and little gasps and murmurs rolling off his lips as he works himself closer to orgasm.

Instead, Tommy has to close his eyes, his fingers finding and digging into the tender flesh of Chris' hips, and just focuses on the sensations, the feeling of Chris' cock rubbing over and against his.

"Tommy," Chris says, and it's the sexiest plea Tommy's ever heard.

"Yeah," Tommy encourages, thrusting his hips up and earning him a gasp from Chris. "C'mon. Just a little more."

The friction burn is just on the right side of painful, and it only takes a few minutes to get Tommy right on the edge. He'd be embarrassed, but Chris is in the same situation, and that's just hot any way Tommy looks at it. The pleasure builds and builds, intense and sharp, and suddenly, it's too much and Tommy's coming all over both
of his hands and squeezes. This gets him a surprised grunt from Derek, but when he starts kneading and massaging his ass, Derek groans and pushes back into his hands. "You're such a glutton, Derek," Spencer admonishes, but his tone is fond.

He could probably get Derek out of bed now if he stopped. Spencer would run to the shower and Derek would follow him, horny and irritated. Derek would fuck him up against the wall in the shower, Spencer loving every moment of it, and it'd make them late, but at least Derek would be in the shower. That would be a step closer to leaving the house.

As appealing as that thought it, Spencer discards it. Now that he has Derek pliant beneath him, he has something else in mind for Derek this morning. Spencer's fingers dip into the crack of Derek's ass and part the cheeks, exposing his hole. "Look what I found," he says cheekily. "A tiny little hole that's just begging to be eaten."

Spencer lost his inhibitions and shame a long time ago. He's never met a man who gets off on dirty talk as much as Derek does, and somewhere in the two years they've been together, Spencer's picked up on it. It was a little unnerving how much he found he liked it, but he accepted it a while ago.

Finally, Derek speaks. "Fuck, babe, fucking do something."

"Oh," Spencer says, feigning surprise. His thumb rubs teasingly over Derek's hole. "Derek. I didn't know you were awake."

Derek makes a frustrated noise low in his throat. "Yes you did, Pretty Boy. You started this, you better finish it." He moves so that he's kneeling on the bed, cheek pressed into his pillow. He exhales sharply when his erect cock isn't pushing into the mattress anymore. "Get your tongue in my ass."

"So vulgar, Derek." Spencer clicks his tongue, chuckling at Derek's resulting growl.

"Look who's talking," Derek says, the words half-muffled by his face being burrowed into the comforter. "Sometimes I can't believe the filth that comes out of your mouth. You'd make a stripper blush."

Spencer licks his hole to shut him up. He debates teasing Derek, making him beg for it, but he doesn't really have the patience to do that. Giving them both what they want, Spencer licks and sucks Derek's ass, alternating between quick, kitten laps and long, broad strokes. It all has Derek moaning and keening, demanding more.

Derek tries to curse, only coming up a half-heard sentence, and finally pulls himself together enough to spit out, "More, Spencer. Fuck, more, c'mon."

Spencer holds Derek's ass open as much as possible, and making a point with his tongue, he pushes against the tightly closed skin, penetrating just a little bit. Using more force, Spencer works the tip of his tongue inside Derek, tasting the earthy, musky essence of him.

"God, Spencer," Derek says roughly. "Your fucking tongue."

Spencer takes that as the compliment he knows it is. He opens Derek up as much as possible this way before he pulls back. He smacks his lips together. "Delicious."

Derek exhales shakily. "Is that all you got, Pretty Boy?"

Even though Derek can't see it, Spencer raises an eyebrow at him. "Oh, Derek," he starts, "you didn't really just challenge me, did you?"

"What if I did?"

"Then you're going to lose," Spencer says simply. Picking the lube back up, he opens it and squirts some onto his fingers, tossing it away when he's done. Derek jerks when Spencer's slick fingers rub over his slightly stretched hole.

Spencer strokes over the skin, barely touching. Every other pass, two fingers press just a little inside. It's enough to tease, but not nearly enough to satisfy Derek.

"Baby, c'mon," Derek says. He pushes his ass back impatiently.

"What? Do you want something?" Spencer stops teasing for a moment, gripping Derek's hips tightly. "Something like this, maybe?" he says, and without warning, he thrusts two fingers up Derek's ass, deep.

"Fuck!" Derek yells, caught off guard, but he moans when Spencer moves his fingers, twisting them around.

"Is this what you wanted, Derek?" He's surprised his voice is as steady as it is considering his penis is painfully erect and throbbing.

"Yes," Derek hisses. "Fuck me."

The blunt demand sends a little thrill through Spencer. Though he prefers bottoming and Derek prefers topping, they still enjoy switching things up now and again. And damn if both of them don't get into it when the usual roles are flipped.

"Maybe later," Spencer


+++

In the two years since the "Loki incident" as Steve's taken to calling it, he thought he had figured Tony out, understood how Tony thought and viewed the world, how he reacted and what made him defensive. Tony's complex - there's no doubt about that - but Steve thought at least he knew Tony well enough by now to not be overly surprised by the things Tony says and does.  

He's wrong.

Steve finds out just how wrong he is when he slides to his knees in the shower one morning and Tony says, "We should get married."

It's so unexpected that Steve splutters and pitches forward. "What?" he chokes, staring up at Tony like he's speaking another language, blinking rapidly against the water. "Did you-" Steve has to shake his head. "Did you just ask me to marry you? Now? When I'm about to give you a blow job?"

"What can I say? You look amazing kneeling in front of me." Tony's lips curve into a lazy smirk, the one that Tony knows irritates Steve to no end. "What, not romantic enough for you, Cap?"

"Coming from you, this is as romantic as I'll get," Steve says flatly. 

That amuses Tony, Steve can tell, and he doesn't even look remorseful, not that Steve really thought he would. Tony leers down at him and spreads his legs wider, pushing his hips out. "Hopefully soon I will be coming."

Steve groans, rolling his eyes heavenward. This really is the least romantic proposal Tony could ever have done, but in some ways, it's very Tony, and Steve can't fault him for that. So Steve takes the hint and leans forward, kissing along Tony's cock. Tony moans his approval, carding his fingers through Steve's hair. 

"You want to marry me, Tony?" Steve asks, flicking his tongue over the head of Tony's dick and holding Tony against the wall so he can't move. "You want the whole world to know that I'm yours, is that it?"

Steve hears Tony's head hit the shower wall.

"Oh, fuck, Steve," Tony says, sounding impatient. "Tell me you want me to make an honest man of you already, and then get your mouth on my cock." 

Amused despite himself, Steve takes just the head in his mouth, sucking gently and swirling his tongue around. Tony moans again in relief, but Steve just teases for a few moments before he lets Tony's dick pop out of his mouth. Quickly standing up, Steve pushes Tony firmly against the wall and covers Tony's mouth with his own before he can protest. Steve kisses him deeply, fitting their groins together, and slowly grinds, swallowing Tony's surprised grunt.

Steve rips his lips away abruptly, pleased to see Tony's chest heaving and the slight daze in his eyes. Steve's hands are tight around Tony's hips as Steve keeps him pinned to the wall, still grinding against him. "I'll let you make an honest man of me," he says lowly, "but until then, you'll keep your hands to yourself."

Tony's horrified expression makes Steve grin, and he gives Tony one last kiss before he darts out of the shower while Tony's slack-jawed and frozen, eyes wide.

"Steve!"




END

promise, the faster his heart beats, a smile breaking out on his face. Opening the door, being careful that he doesn’t completely rip it off the hinges, he steps in the house, the heavy burden of the day lifting from him at the sight of Jensen in the kitchen area. He's got the radio on, playing some classic rock type music as he makes some sandwiches for dinner, so he's oblivious to Jared's arrival.

Jared shrugs his jacket off, laying it across the back of the well-worn but surprisingly comfortable couch, and then makes his way over to Jensen. Wrapping his arms snuggly around Jensen's waist, Jared kisses his way along his jaw. "Hey."

Jensen leans back into his embrace easily, angling his head so he can see Jared. "Hey," he says quietly, smiling a bit. “I’ve been waiting for you.”

Leaning down, Jared takes his lips in a deep, warm, and comfortable kiss. Jensen opens up to him, letting Jared have anything he asks for, just as he always has. Finding the hem of Jensen's shirt, Jared slips his hand under it so he can caress Jensen’s stomach as they kiss, the skin smooth and supple.

"God, I love you so much," Jared whispers when he breaks the kiss some moments later, his arms tightening almost painfully around Jensen from the force of the emotion behind his words. Resting his forehead against Jensen's temple, he continues, "I'd be lost without you, Jen."

Pulling away slightly, Jensen turns around in Jared's arms, lips curved down a bit in a frown.

Jensen's hands come up and smooth the worry lines from Jared's brow. "Hey, what's wrong? Are you thinking silly things again?"

Jared smiles a little. Jensen knows him so well, can tell what he’s thinking from just a look. "No. I just... I'm..." he trails off, frustrated with his inability to articulate what he's feeling.

"Hey, I get it. I do," Jensen says, gently running his fingers through Jared's hair.

Jensen always seems to understand what Jared can't say.

"But it's okay," Jensen says. "We're okay. We have a house, our jobs, food, each other. What else really matters?"

It's not that simple. It can't be. "But you deserve more than that," Jared spits out bitterly, angry with himself. "You deserve better than me."

Jensen looks surprised at his sudden out burst of self-hatred. "Maybe I deserve more, but so do you," he says, his words firm and strong, filled with conviction. "And I certainly do not deserve better than you. There is nothing better than you."

"But-,"

"No," Jensen cuts in sharply. "Stop it. Just stop it. Sure, our life isn't perfect, but we're together, Jared. After everything we've been though, we're together and we're strong. We have more than a lot of people have."

Jared's eyes fall away, breaking contact. Jensen’s never blamed him for how they have to live, but sometimes insecurities overwhelm Jared, bringing those feelings of worthlessness and inadequacy that he tries so hard to hide to the surface. Not to mention the fear, the fear that someday Jensen will realize that Jared is only holding him back, that he'd be better off without him. And when that day comes, Jensen will leave him, and Jared doesn’t know how he will be able to survive.

Jensen's hands, rough and calloused from years of hard work, cup his face, forcing Jared's head to turn.

"Look at me."

Jensen's voice is low and firm, but not harsh, not cold. Hesitantly, Jared obeys, meeting his eyes. 

"I love you," Jensen says. "Nothing will ever change that. I wouldn't trade my life with you for all the money and comforts in the world. None of that would mean anything if I didn't have you. Do you understand that?"

There's really only one answer for that. "Yes," Jared whispers, pulling Jensen closer to him. "Yes."

"Good," Jensen murmurs, sliding his hands up so that they twine around Jared's neck. Gently applying pressure, Jensen coaxes his head down. "Now kiss me."

Jared smiles before he presses his lips to Jensen's, his tongue slipping inside Jensen’s inviting mouth easily. The tension in his body melts away in the face of their kiss, and Jared eagerly takes in all the love and desire Jensen is giving him, letting it wash away the frustration and worry from the day.

When Jensen pulls back long moments later, he smiles, his lips slick and pink. "You feel better?" he asks, his thumb