'd just come from and tried to figure out how to get to the temple yard that she'd heard Aang tittering on about to Toph and Suki the day before. It took her quite a while, the sun sliding higher into the blue, orange, and pink sky, but she finally heard a stern voice and then the crackling of flames in the chilly air. Not sure if they'd want to be disturbed while training, especially with how easily Aang was distracted by her, she kept to the shadows, ducking behind massive pillars if they seemed like they might look in her general direction. As much as she despised Zuko, he was helping Aang greatly by training him to face off with his father in the coming months.

It would be rude of her to take Aang's attention from his teacher, no matter how much she didn't like them being alone together. Sneaking a peek around the cold stone she had pressed her body against when the Avatar had suddenly swung away from Zuko and belted a stream of flickering orange flames into the sky, earning a scowl from the prince.

"I said ROAR!" She watched in amazement as the tiny streams he'd let out suddenly expanded, lungs pressing out a mighty roar, much to Zuko's apparent approval. She crept closer to them, slinking through the shadows like a common criminal. It was to keep Aang's focus on his lesson. She had to stay out of his way.

"Good, now lets go over your forms again. Remember, strong breathing is key to firebending. Now punch! Kick! Turn! No, the other way, Aang. Now the other hand....good, good." She watched in amusement and awe as Aang and Zuko worked together to teach his body the new movements that summoned the bright flares. She would never admit it out loud, but the stuffy prince was quite the teacher: firm when he needed to be, praises dotted through his instruction to encourage Aang when he did something right, and of course a hard look and a raised voice when he didn't seem to get it quite right.

Then they both stood side by side, tossed away their shirts, and fell into what seemed to be familiar forms for them, the easy way they worked in synch with the other to summon the flames she'd come to appreciate at times leaving her awestruck. They looked like a proper team, a force to be reckoned with. All too soon, they faced each other and bowed, Aang saying something she couldn't hear before walking off, and Zuko sitting down by a fountain and toweling the beads of sweat she figured must be on his skin.

While her mind seemed to be telling her to go start breakfast, her eyes stayed trained on the pale skin glowing under the sunlight that was now filling the clearing. He sat there for a long moment, hair hanging over his face so she couldn't see what he was doing or feeling and elbows braced on his thighs, hunching over slightly as he absently fiddled with the cloth in his hands. Despite her determination to hate him for the rest of time, her traitorous eyes scanned over his body, cataloging the broad shoulders, lean torso corded with tight muscles, and his arms flexing slightly.

Despite everything he'd done to them, to her, she felt the unwarranted blush creeping across her cheeks and down her neck as she continued to watch him, body pressed against the cool stone to get a little closer without alerting him. He stood slowly, stretching his arms above his head before collapsing in on himself in exhaustion. Scooping up his shirt, her eyes followed him as he moved to the steps leading to the main clearing everyone congregated in, giving her an unobscured view of his toned back and confident swagger. She tried to keep her eyes from wandering lower but obviously someone from above hated her as she continued checking his retreating form out.

Damn.

 ***

The third time she saw Zuko, without him being aware, was during the intermission of a terribly tragic play Sokka and Suki had insisted they'd go see to distract themselves from the comet coming soon. Everyone was grumpy thanks to the terrible portrayal of their selves on stage, save for Toph who loved being played by a mountain of a man who screamed at the other actors on stage to "see them".

It was a really stupid, awful, and insulting play. Even Zuko had looked miffed about his character, grumbling quietly about how he wasn't that stiff and what was up with that hair? It made her giggle a little, which of course meant that her character would come on stage and cry about something stupid, which earned her a few nudges and giggles. Aang also seemed very upset over the whole thing, glaring at the stage and crossing his arms in a pout.

"I'm funnier than that!" She rolled her eyes, exchanging a look with Zuko, before settling back against the bench. Her brother was utterly ridiculous.

During the intermission, which they all thanked the spirits for, Katara went to find Aang because something in the play had sent
You never know when or where you'll fall in love.

Most people think it's like the movies their parents loved to watch: a girl and a boy kissing in the rain after years of fighting to be together, or maybe meeting on a snazzy cruise ship and falling in love despite the circumstances.

Books were a bit more realistic, though still too romanticized: kisses stolen in libraries during study time or having to choose between two very different people admits a war torn world. It was just the right touch of realism mixed with the sweet words of fantasy.

But love didn't always involve rain or romance. Love wasn't always the heat of the moment between long time adversaries or the bittersweet seconds stolen before reality soaked in. In fact, love could be simpler than that. The most common places imagined could be the key to finding your true love.

Sometimes, love was rubber wrapped steel cables and hard mats cushioned with coiled wires to lighten the impact. Sometimes, love was sweat and bruised muscles that needed hours to soak in iced water and salts before attempting to find release under the guise of getting more rest for another day of the same things.

In his experience, love could be the twinkle of an eye before executing a vicious move that landed his body flat out on the mat, eyes blinking up at the glaring lights before rolling onto his feet again. It could be the stitch of a smile before his feet were swept out from under him again, teasing laughter drowning out the taunts and the negative words coming from strangers, because love had a way of protecting you. 

Of caring for you when you're too sick to move from your bed, or too exhausted from another night of putting your body on the line for people he didn't know and would never meet. Love had a funny way of showing his affections, from snipped comments behind brilliant white teeth, to closed fists gently brushing along sandpaper stubble while the game was on.

It wasn't always pretty, either. Love was fights at two a.m about who knows what, hurtful words exchanged over smooth black pavement, and in movies that was usually when the clouds broke and the make ups started, but love didn't usually come with such cues; those had to be found on their own. 

Love was stinging skin and tensed muscles as, once again, bodies were slammed against steel cables and planted on the smooth mat. Arguments from before were fought out between the ropes, the ocean of noise surrounding them blending into a symphony which the lovers danced to in their own way. It wasn't always a beautiful sight, a tooth loosed here or a muscle pulled there, but in the end love found a way to work back to the gentle touches and searing gazes.

Love could be found in the most obvious of places, if one chose to really open their eyes and see. Sure, fairytale love affairs existed in the real world, million dollar weddings and luxurious honeymoons lending hand to the beautiful deception, but they never lasted long enough to matter. They were fruitless and often more painful to leave behind than they were to start in the first place.

True love, the kind that filled your heart to completeness and made the birds sing like in the Disney films, wasn't hard to find at all. Sometimes, all one had to do was look at the dancing eyes across the mat and take a chance.
eye lashes. "I just need to know why you said those things? You of all people know how that gets to me and now you're throwing it up in my face?! You hurt me...." Well, now Dolph felt like a piece of shit. Mike looked genuinely hurt, arms crossed defensively over his broad chest, shoulders hunched like he wanted to disappear from view. He tried desperately to think of something to say, but as was always the case with Mike, he could only tell the truth.

"I- I honestly have no explanation. One second I was struggling to find something to say and the next I was just talking. I never meant to say those things." Mike wouldn't meet his eyes after that. After a minute of silence, he walked away, arms wrapped around his middle and shoulders hunched more than before. Everyone he passed looked between them, concern written all over their faces.

Except on Nikki Bella's.

"Hey Dolph, maybe you should take my advice from when we broke up and keep your stupid mouth shut! You see what you did to that man? Exactly what you did to me. We give you love and you just throw it back in our faces like it means nothing to you." She glared at him, as angry (and hurt) as the night she'd broken up with him all those years ago. Dolph scuffed his shoe on the ground, avoiding the cold brown eyes of his ex. She was right, of course, but it was a little too late for that.

"Nicole, what do I do? I don't want to lose him like I lost you." She huffed, slapping his arm roughly.

"You go to him and apologize. Get on your knees and beg for his forgiveness. Prove to him you're really sorry about what you said, and then make it up to him. Promise you won't say hurtful things like that again, even in the midst of a hot feud. He cares about you a lot, Ziggles, we all can see that. You don't want to lose him." Dolph nodded, picking at the waistband of his jean leggings before thanking her and briskly walking away.

He had a mission.

***

Mike had never been so.....upset. Broken. Hurt. Disappointed. Even the millions of times people had let him down in his life, had broken promises and stomped on his heart, he never really got upset. He just chalked it up to people being people and that's how they were. But this time, it was different.

About a year before, his relationship with Maryse absolutely crumbled. It was messy and ugly, everyone backstage taking sides and getting into fights over something they weren't even involved in. It still hurt every time they walked to the ring together, having to pretend everything was fine until WWE figured out what to do with her. 

When they had broken up, Mike had run away to the only person he felt could really comfort him-

Dolph.

What had started as the two of them playing video games and eating cold pizza from Dolph's fridge suddenly turned into something so much more. And it was awkward the next day, with Dolph standing in the kitchen in nothing but Mike's Cavs shirt from the day before and a pair of black boxer briefs, and Mike trying to think of excuses to explain away what happened the night before while they both sipped on some coffee. Even with his mind racing and guilt twisting his gut, Mike had still felt immense comfort standing there with his best friend. 

Even with the images of the night before spinning around his brain, or the way his skin prickled from the cool touch of the stainless steel refrigerator against his shirtless torso, he never felt the need to slip away when Dolph excused himself to the bathroom. Mike had just nodded silently, cleaned up their mugs, and put on Sports Center in the living room while he scrolled through Twitter and Instagram on the plush couch. He had been in no hurry to clean up the mess he left with Maryse at their mansion, instead opting to cuddle into the couch that smelled of sweet cologne and something a little fruity, soft tie dye blanket pulled up to his chin, and watch sports highlights with his best friend.

After that night, they hooked up a few more times on the road (when Mike was particularly lonely and Dolph came to comfort him) before Mike finally realized there was something there he was ignoring, shoving it into a secret chest in his heart the next morning in hopes it would just go away.

Needless to say, it never did.

He felt this fluttery sensation in his stomach when he watched Dolph on the television backstage. Suddenly there were sharp feelings of anger when anyone knocked him down too hard or served him a stiff punch to the jaw. When fangirls came up to him at meet and greets, all flustered and giggly, Mike wanted to break it up because some weird feeling of jealousy would take over and he'd be snappish towards everyone for the whole thing (which was just
seem years younger. Much younger than the make-up and green beer bottle let on.

About the age he met her, actually.

“Okay party people, who's up first!?” Perrie’s friends were apparently all annoying when drunk, accents running thicker and voices pitching higher the more alcohol poured from the bottles. He missed the deep timbre of his bandmates’ voices, save for Louis, and the easy way he could understand everyone but Niall, no matter how pissed they all were.

“Ooo! Zayn! Me! Um, I mean Zayn and me!! Well duet.” Well, there went him being able to just ride out the buzz in his veins and the dull throbbing behind his eyes. He wasn't one to disappoint Perrie, even if he really didn't want to do something, so he stumbled to his feet, wondering at the boots over where his feet should be, as Perrie grasped his bicep in her smaller hands and yanked him to Jesy.

“Great! I always thought you two should do it. I mean duet! You guys already do it, don't ya?” He shooed her away, wanting end this as quickly as possible, and motioned for the blonde to pick a song. Jesy stumbled away, giggling loudly as she snatched up a slice of pizza.

“Oh Zaynie look! So many wonderful songs. I just- I can't pick one!” The pout was back as she looked from the screen to him, batting those fake lashes at him in a way that always tricked him into giving her what she wanted. He was weak for Perrie Edwards.

“Ugh fine. I'll pick.” He focused his blurred vision on the piercing white letters, trying to make sense of them while he scrolled. Jade and Leigh offered suggestions as he went, some as cheesy as ‘My Heart Will Go On’ while others were a bit more raunchy, ‘Scream’ by Usher being the favorite of the girls.

No way was he singing that song.

“Let me just….hold on Pez!” He squinted his eyes, swearing quietly when the letters just aggravated his headache more and more. Finally he scrolled across a few Bruno Mars songs, most of which he and Perrie would both know, and chose one at random.

Hopefully, it would be a good one.

“Oh Zayn! This song is so beautiful! I love it.” He'd chosen ‘Just the Way You Are’, one of the cheesiest songs Mars had put out to date. Cringing, he tried to play it off as romantic, but of course she knew better, even in her intoxicated state. 

“Get it Zayn! Gotta get those points with the missus!” 

When the song ended, Perrie’s cheeks a pretty shade of pink, Zayn announced he was too tired to continue the party and bid them all goodnight. Plenty of whining and good-natured ribbing followed him from the room, but he hardly minded when his head hit the pillow only seconds later.

***

“So Malik, how was that little party with the Little Mixers? Was it fun?” The way Louis said fun, something distinctly smug laced through his words, made Zayn peek up from his comic curiously. 

“Um it was good. Pizza and beer is all that's needed to have a good time, as you know.” The teasing bit at the end went ignored as a smirk crept onto the older boy’s face, blue eyes twinkling.

“Mhm, good. And singing usually makes for an exciting time, right?” That caught his attention. If Louis was asking, then that meant…

“Mate, have you checked your bird’s Instagram?! Oh hey Lou.” Zayn felt the heat in his cheeks, the way his eyes narrowed, but otherwise didn't move. Niall stood in the doorway, arms crossed and eyebrow cocked knowingly.

That was one reason he didn't sing while drunk!

“Perrie!” He let the bass carry his voice through the bus as he logged on to Instagram, horrified to find a video of him (looking awful and trashed off his face) and Perrie singing the damn Bruno Mars song, cheeks a very telling shade of red.

“On the bright side, at least you're dating her. Remember when Harry got caught singing with a girl he hardly knew? The newspapers loved that week!” Both Zayn and Louis rolled their eyes and flicked Niall in the forehead. 

“Ow!”

Just as Zayn went to message Perrie to please take that embarrassing video down, another body joined the crowd at his bunk.

“Zayn! Did you see-“ Louis and Niall burst out laughing, much to the apparent confusion of Liam, all scrunched brows and frowny lips.

“What's so funny?” They both tried to explain through their tittering giggles that Zayn already knew about the drunk post, Liam growing evermore frustrated when they couldn't complete any sentences. It would have been funny if Zayn wasn't hungover and embarrassed.

“What is everyone making such a noise over?” The quiet bass of one Harry Styles called
, it was wrong to eavesdrop in a conversation clearly very personal, but that didn't mean she didn't want to hear what transpired between the waterbender and firebender.

"I know what will cheer you up...." Suddenly things were happening too fast for Suki to keep up with. One second they were by her face under the bed, then there was movement, and now suddenly the first pair of boots were gone and the other were dangling from the bed. There was an eerie silence, save for rustling and small movement, and now Suki felt a sharp blush blooming on her cheeks.

When had this started happening? How was she going to get out before it escalated? Had it escalated before?! She didn't know whether to block her ears or try to listen closer; Katara was her best friend, so it was her duty to protect her, but this was clearly a very secret and very intimate moment that she was intruding on. As she flip flopped the choices in her head, there was a sharp intake of breath above her, followed by a girly giggle.

She needed to escape.

Suki was a master of stealth, so she reasoned she could make it to the door without being spotted. The other pair of feet disappeared and that was her cue to get out of there pronto. Another giggle, a huff of breath, and shifting weight allowed her to slide out without the sound of fabric alerting them to her presence. 

Now just a couple of feet and she'd be home free. She crawled as close to the shadows of the room as she could, resisting the urge to see if they had spotted her yet. Better to look dumb sneaking around then chance a look and waste time. Just as she was about to soar through the doorway and make a run for the courtyard, she heard talking again from the bed.

"Wait, what about Aang?" Suki froze, afraid they'd see her now that they weren't distracted. There was an exasperated huff followed by movement and a startled sound that was a little unbecoming for future Fire Lords.

"What about him?" Came the coy retort. Suki was pretty impressed with Katara, giving her a mental pat on the back. What sounded like the start of a snicker, or maybe a protest, was cut off sharply. Then a groan of annoyance echoed around the room and more movement, this time Suki saw the firebender standing over the bed with his arms crossed. She couldn't see his face, but his stance was rigid, and while Suki couldn't see Katara very well either, she knew the girl would probably be glaring.

"Look, I just don't want to cause any problems with the Avatar. At least while we're training for him to fight my father." Suki wanted to snort; people cared too much about keeping Aang from falling apart. To keep him happy. She felt bad for him because he rarely got the truth; rarely got to understand consequences.

"Zuko, there's nothing between the Avatar and me. He just....I'll tell him the truth eventually. Now if you'll just-" Suki watched as Katara sat up, reaching for him, and how the older boy stepped back. Sometimes his honor code was very annoying, but Suki felt maybe Zuko had a point. Still, Katara deserved to be happy, to be a little selfish. 

It was a tough situation for sure.

"So you're going to be this way about it? I thought we - but I guess I was wrong." A pause. "Please get out. I just- I need to be alone." A curt nod from the firebender and Suki had to scoot back slightly to avoid being spotted by the door, though she wasn't sure if he'd notice her if a spotlight had been on her. After he had stormed out, Suki moved to escape again, but heard what sounded like soft sobs coming from the bed. Her heartstrings pulled, she took a deep breath and stood up, pretending she'd just entered the room.

Thankfully Katara was too busy crying into her knees to really notice.

"Katara? Hey what's wrong?" She feigned surprise to find her crying, hoping the girl wouldn't notice. The waterbender curled further in on herself, probably trying to hide away from her. Suki settled on the bed next to her, ignoring the fact Zuko had been here only moments before.

Not one to be pushy, Suki let Katara cry herself out. While Katara was usually pushing to find out what was wrong with others, the girl herself wasn't one to keep things inside. If she wanted to share, she would. Suki just rubbed her friend's back and waited.

"Suki, what would you do if you really liked a guy, were getting positive signals back, and then he just...." she trailed off, feet sliding off the bed and hands coming to fall in her lap. Suki knew exactly who she was talking about, which surprised her: when had Katara started to really like
to-“ His girlfriend huffed at him, coming up to click on the lights for his costume and brushing something off his shoulder, eyes avoiding his for a long moment. 

“Do it for me? Pleeeeeeeeeeease, Zuko?” And at that moment, he knew he’d lost any small ground he’d made in this battle. The cool guy in school facade was officially down the drain.

-

“Trick-or-treat!!!” The chorus of little voices rang through the chilly night air, followed by cheers of excitement over the prized candy being tossed haphazardly into the buckets while the older ladies and gentlemen fell over themselves to compliment each and every fairy, princess, pirate, or scary clown. Zuko trudged along behind his girlfriend, hands clenching the thin plastic handle through his pink glove, avoiding all the looks parents and older siblings were shooting them.

As he predicted, only the smallest kids were dressed up in costumes and begging for candy.

“Cmon, Zuko! We’re next! Oooo I can’t wait to see what we get!” His chapped lips slid into a lopsided smile, the childish joy permeating from her body finally sinking into his skin and lifting his spirits, despite the biting chill and childish squeals.

“Okay Kat, slow down. We don’t want to trample on the little ones.” She, of course, ignored him in favor of skipping up the stone steps and ringing the doorbell. He never understood the excitement people had for asking complete strangers for candy, but if Katara loved it, well, it was inevitable he’d love it too.

“Trick-or-treat!” The elderly woman seemed slightly surprised to see Katara, brown eyes scanning around the porch and then the yard for any possible children they would have with them. Nope, it was just the two of them, 16 and 18 years old, dressed to the nines, asking for candy. 

“I love your costume, dear. Are you a shark?” From behind her, he could see the brunette curls bouncing as she nodded her head, holding out her jack-o-lantern bucket for some candy. The elderly woman chuckled and dumped a handful in, looking past his radiant girlfriend to him and motioning for him to come forward. Cheeks flaming despite the cold air, he shuffled onto the porch and ducked his head. An elbow collided with his rib roughly and he muttered “trick-or-treat” as the woman dropped a handful of sweets into his bag. Katara beamed at him when he turned to look at her, so he gave her his best smile in return.

“Thank you ma’am! Happy Halloween!” Zuko practically dragged her off the porch, needing to just get this humiliating night over with. If his sister, or ex-girlfriend, or any of their posse saw what he was doing at that moment...well, his reputation would be an afterthought.

“Zuko, slow down! You’re passing all the good houses! Look! I see Aang and Sokka at the house right there!” His eyes nearly bugged out of his head when he saw the senior and freshman plodding along down the street ten feet away, voices being loud enough to just make out from the distance. He pressed his hand into his face, seriously rethinking this whole night, and possibly his major life choices, but Katara must have sensed his mood because she was stopping them to the side of the road, casting a glance down towards her brother before gazing back at him.

Sometimes, he did really stupid things. But sometimes, just those little rare moments in time, he did something right, and that was ask out his best friend’s sister. 

“Zuko, I was hoping you’d be having a bit more fun tonight. I mean, you always take things so seriously, I figured you needed to experience something from childhood, maybe get in touch with your inner child or something. If you’re really that upset about this, we can go home and watch some scary movies and eat popcorn instead.” Most of the time, Katara was bossy and adamant things go her way, at least with their ragtag group of friends, but with him, she was always different. She treated him as an equal, as someone she didn’t have to police all the time, and it was nice. 

“Nah, you seem like you’re at least enjoying the evening, and I love to see you happy. Besides, your costume is very...” He trailed off very suddenly, a blush creeping up his neck and flooding his cheeks as her brow waggled at him and she hip-checked him, causing him to stumble and stutter.

“Cat got your tongue, Sparky?” He rolled his eyes at the old nickname first given to him by Toph after he’d somehow set his pants on fire while they were hanging out in his room, arms crossing over his chest. He just...he didn’t usually speak that way to a girl, no matter what relationship he had with them, and it caught him off guard a little. Of course he
pulled back abruptly, eyes scanning her face.

"Are we on the same page still?" She pondered this for a moment, then decided to throw caution to the wind and toy with the fire prince.

"What page is that, Zuko?" Katara saw the hesitation, the brief moment where he wanted to flee, but then watched as something else slid over his features, his eyes melting right before her.

"I really want to give you a tour of those bedchambers now." Katara giggled at him, kissing away the hurt in his face before wrapping her arms around his neck.

"That was the only thing I really wanted a tour of, though you do have a very lovely home." With that, he scooped her into his arms and dashed back inside. Quietly he sprinted into one of the rooms (Katara marveled at his ability to carry her and move so silently), pushing the door closed with a shove of his hips before he set her down again. His back made a soft thud against the wood door as she shoved against him, teeth nipping at his lips while his hands scrambled along her body.

She groaned in pleasure as he hoisted her up and turned to press her back against the door this time, hard body pressed into hers so suddenly she was dizzy. Her body buzzed at the new places of contact, her dress hiking up dangerously high. 

She hardly noticed.

He placed her back on the ground after a moment, though he still remained close. She kicked off the shoes, yanked the rest of her hair free, tossing the pin somewhere, and tried to shimmy out of the dress all while digging a hand into Zuko's hair, pressing his hot open mouth harder into her neck and jaw. A rumbling groan answered her efforts, so she continued guiding him down her body, delighted when his large hands helped slide the silky fabric off her upper body, though it clung to her hips still.

"Still okay?" He mumbled against her lips, hands coming up to touch her in places no man had before. She was still wearing the Fire Nation binding, looser than her Water Tribe one, and she felt her breath hitch when he removed it, lips tracing all over her smooth dark skin. His hands stayed put after that, planted firmly on her waist even as his mouth teased and tasted.

"Oh yes. Definitely good. Really good." She realized they were unbalanced suddenly, and her curiosity as to what lay beneath his formal clothing overcame her. Shaking fingers searched for a sash to untie or buttons to undo, but frustratingly came up with nothing. Zuko chuckled darkly.

"Relax, Kat. I'm getting there. Just can't get over this yet." Her blood sizzled at the pet name he was unknowingly using. She never thought the name once used by her father could sound so sexy. Life was really so strange. 

True to his word, Zuko pulled back and ripped his shirt off his body, exposing taunt pale skin over corded muscles. Her mouth absolutely watered, which was really freaking dumb to read in her romance scrolls, but now made total sense.

"Wow." She breathed out, fingers trailing down over hard abdominal muscles and tracing the line of his pants. He jumped.

"You sure know how to boost a man's ego, Kat. You look like you could eat me for dessert right now." The teasing note to his voice made her smile, and she hoped he could see the feeling was very real. She watched him swallow thickly as her nails gently scratched down his chest, his fingers digging into her hips. Just as she was about to reveal what had been digging harshly into her thighs a few seconds ago, he grabbed her wrists, eyes dark pools in the nearly black room.

"Zuko..." she whined, body arching up from the wall against her will. She was losing control over her bodily functions the longer this went on, and she didn't even care. His face contorted a little, as if was fighting something, but then he was smirking.

"Just checking. Let's move away from the door now." She took charge this time, hands flat on his chest as she moved him back, feeling like a predator after the prey. He flopped down on the bed, looking so good she briefly wondered how she could have been so cautious when they first met. This was worth it all.

"Erm, Kat? Have you, like, y'know...." Katara felt oddly unlike herself, crawling over his body like a predator going for the kill, making sure to press her exposed chest against his. The rest of her dress fell to the floor, exposing her skin fully. Wrapped in the light of the moon, she felt powerful. She felt in control, his eyes widened as they skated down her body, making her skin tingle in the best way.

"No, but I'm willing to go there with you. Zuko, please..." She didn't need to say anything else. The prince shoved up and spun them, her back landing softly on the