it.”

Niall loves pushing all the buttons, that’s another thing. Niall just mewls and tongues at the bubbling tip, tasting the pre-cum there. It’s so minty and cold, so unlike the heard that beats for Niall only, and Niall slurps it down. He tongues at the head with a malicious mischief before sinking down on the huge cock.

Demons have abnormal anatomy, as Niall found out, and they seem to have larger dicks then normal human beings. Niall isn’t an expert on penes sizes but he knows that Harry has the biggest one he’s ever slept with. (Okay, he slept with only four before Harry and he bottomed every time.) Niall chokes halfway down the way, his airway partially blocked by the tip. He nulls his gag reflex and swallows more of Harry. Nothing beats the feeling of pre-cum drizzling dick sliding down your throat, especially when it’s the love of your life’s. Niall manages to fit all of Harry inside his small mouth, breathing through his nose. He bobs his head up experimentally, then realises maybe, just maybe, he shouldn’t be deepthroating. Harry gets the hint and grabs onto Niall’s blond locks, and pushes his head down; Niall gags. Harry keeps steady hands on Niall and guides his movements, somewhat fucking his mouth. Niall just hums just as Harry starts to thrust his hips up in time of his hand movements. Niall gags and whimpers, his dick hard from the very person doing this to him. Harry comes in Niall’s throat with a very demonic growl, releasing his hair. Niall ruts his hard prick against Harry’s thighs before he, too, releases his load.

“I believe we had an audience,” Harry giggles — a sound too cute from a former demon — and Niall growls at that.”

“Too much teeth,” Louis cocks his head to the side, dodging the pillow Niall just threw in his direction. “And you should be stimulating his balls too.”

“Babe,” the sigh in Zayn’s voice is apparent. “I told you not to be too… forward.”

“Can I kill them?” Niall asks no-one in particular. “Permanently, at least.”

“Nope.”

-

Fjolnir feels guilty about erasing Niall of his memory about Louis’ betrayal as the two old friends bicker. It was for the good, he keeps telling himself, but Niall will figure out the horrible thing he’s done.

The Shadow Souls are the banned, most ancient race of supernatural creatures others than the angels and demons. They have the human origins but they wielded the elemental powers of fire, ice, earth, wind and shadows, hence the name Shadow Souls.

They sought immortality and with the help of the Witch Queen — Hecate — they became the first ever Fey, the nykti. It was unwise, as the gods declared, and they were cursed by the Moirai. One nykta (or nykto, as the males were called) will walk the realms alone until they find their soulmate, the other half.

The catch? The soulmate isn’t another nykto/nykta, they will be either a demon or angel, the very things they were born to oppose. With a mortal heart, the nykti couldn’t coerce their other half into mating with them, thus completing the ritual.

The nykti became shrouded in the Darkness, the shadows encasing their souls.

No longer the nykti, they are now simply the Shadow Souls, the vanquished race of Fey.

“You bloody sucked him off knowing I was here with Zayn!” Louis refutes, his cheeks mottled deep blue from being flustered. “I told you I was coming here!”

“For you, soon can be as long as a decade,” Niall looks smug, a bit of Harry’s cum dribbling down his mouth. He doesn’t point that out. “It’s not like you never walked in on me before.”

“Ladies,” Zayn’s eyes are the exact shade of embers in a newly lit pyre. “We’re here to discuss the Shadow Souls.”

“They’re my distant cousins,” Fjolnir points out. “Like, they control the Shadows, born of them like my brethren.”

“Anyways,” Louis dons the dramatic air perfectly. “Fjolnir, you came to me in person so that your kryodi could find peace with my people, which was a fail since I’m with Zayn on hell fucking no.”

“And?”

“Human appearance or not, you’re still the leader of your people. Your powers come from your soul, not your body,” Louis repeats Niall’s words eerily. “So, you should disband your people or at least perform the ritual.”

Louis inclines his head just the slightest bit, only detected by Fjolnir.

“The Shadow Shield,” Niall beats him to it. “I thought it was a myth.”

“I have to use every ounce of my strength to perform a grand-scaling ritual like that,” Fjolnir shakes his head no. “So figure out another way to make the
your fans.”

“It’s not like all the Directioners know who you are!” George punches Harry on the shoulder. “A large percentage of them?”

“I told you I’m not going and that’s final,” George nuzzles his face into Harry’s neck. “Just cuddle with me, you curly haired monster.”

“I feel strangely insulted.”

Harry pulls George closer to him, making George’s heart beat faster. He knows Harry can possibly feel it against his chest. Okay, who thought it was a great idea to cuddle shirtless? George curses silently.

“‘Find another one ‘cause he belongs to me,’” Harry mumbles something that sounds suspiciously like an altered line of lyric. “I mean…”

“If you just accidentally leaked your new song to me, I’m not against it,” George presses his lips to Harry’s jawline. “So, anything you’d like to do, Mr. Styles?”

“You.”

George lets out a manly squeal when Harry presses him down, his back against the sofa they were cuddling on. Harry crashes his lips down to George, kissing passionately from the get-go. George melts into the kiss, parting his lips and letting Harry’s tongue spike against his. He tugs at Harry’s stupidly tight skinny jeans, unbuttons it, and slides it from Harry’s body as much as he can. Harry kicks them off, doing the same administrations to George’s trackies; George shakes his trousers off, too lazy to kick them off. Harry treks kisses down to his jawline, sucking on a love bite. George can’t help but moan loudly when he finds the soft spot so easily. Harry kisses down lower and when he’s level with George’s crotch, he flips him around, taking him by surprise. George gasps when Harry flicks his tongue against his entrance. They’ve been having sex for a while but he never rimmed him. Harry parts his bum cheeks for better access and licks at George’s hole again, garnering a soft moan. George feels like he’s on Cloud 9 when Harry pushes his tongue in, making George’s insides flutter. He thrusts his tongue in and out of George, the feeling of wet heat inside of him overwhelming. He mewls when Harry drags his tongue out, then flips George onto his back again. Before George can ask anything, the younger lad reaches for the lube and condom, rips the packet open, rolls the rubber on his length, slicks himself, and pushes inside of George.

George decides there’s nothing like having Harry inside of him. The pressure against his prostate is heavenly and the way he’s kissing him is just a plus. George has kissed a number of people but damn, Harry is the best kisser yet. Harry drives into him at a slow, careful pace, making George moan out his name. It’s not in his favour that Harry wraps his stupidly large hands around his leaking shaft and strokes him in time of his thrusts. George doesn’t want to come too soon but he does anyways, coating Harry’s hand with his release. Harry thrusts into him couple more times before he comes into the condom. Harry pulls out, knots the condom and throws it into the trash can. He cuddles into George with a cute giggle.

“You’re a cuddle addict,” George kisses Harry’s temple. “One fifth of the biggest band on the planet is a fucking cuddle addict.”

“You say it like it’s a bad thing.”

It isn’t. George says silently.

-

George took a flight back home next day and it wasn’t exactly a pleasant one. The kid sitting behind him kept kicking at his seat and the bloke sitting next to him snored whilst sleeping, keeping George up.

When he gets out of the luggage retrieval area, he sees Josh at the greeting area. He smiles that his best mate/bandmate doesn’t need to be told what he’s doing.

Well, it’s creepy that he’s easy to be read like an open book but he’s putting that thought aside for now.

“George!” Josh wraps him into a tight hug. “Were you off to see Harry Styles?”

“Maybe,” George hugs the older lad back. “It’s not like you care.”

“I still think he’s just using you for — you know — sex,” Josh tells him. “You know it’s true.”

“I still believe he’ll love me someday,” George growls. “He has a heart capable of loving.”

“Just not you, Georgie Porge,” Josh points out oh-so-helpfully. “C’mon, let me drive you home.”

The ride back to George’s house is awfully awkward and when they turn on the radio to Radio 1, One Direction’s You & I comes on. George just growls, knowing that gods separated him from Harry big time no matter how many times they have sex.

“Home
and he sees a wad of curls sprouting from his who would have been boss’ head.

Or he’d be grocery shopping with David and see a glimpse of the emerald green eyes in his friend’s totally different coloured ones.

It should be bloody impossible, but he fell in love with Harry.

-

“You shouldn’t,” David tells Alex. “The last time you were at Golden Cherubs, you fucked that underage–”

“He was nineteen.”

“Kid and fell under his spell, you right tit,” David finishes without much heat. “You really think it’s a good idea to go back there?”

“It’s my only hope of finding Harry.”

Even just by saying Harry’s name, Alex’s heart breaks down even more, into quantum molecules. Alex can’t, won’t, live without Harry now that his heart has been stolen.

Alex just wants his heart back.

So about three hours later, after the sun goes down, Alex and David go back to Golden Cherubs. Nothing really changed – the punk rock songs that are way too alt in Alex’s opinion to half–naked people moving their bodies together in a dirty rhythm. Alex’s eyes immediately scan the bar counter to see if there’s the curly haired devil there.

He’s not surprised to see Harry talking to an attractive looking bartender, about their age, really, and they seem to be arguing about something. Alex just clears his throat to get his rounds.

“Oh ‘ello, Lex,” Harry drawls out, this time, not so drunk. “I was telling Matty here how you’d show up. He owes me three shots of lime vodka now.” Harry grins in a childlike manner, reminding him of the cat from Alice in Wonderland.

“He’s a menace to the society.”

The bartender bloke is quite fit, though his hair can match Harry’s in length. At least that’s a bit neater–looking than Harry’s.

Keyword: Looking.

In reality, it’s like weeds are growing in form of human hairs.

“I can practically hear you mooning over my hair,” Harry grabs the shot glass and jovially brings one to Alex. “C’mon, Lexi, I know you c’n drink.”

“I can’t believe you just called me Lexi,” Alex knows his priorities are fucked up. Really, after sixteen days of not seeing Harry and he has to say something that’s stupid. “But thanks for the free drink, um.”

“Call me Matty,” the guy looks like a coke addict, and he means that. “I don’t mind strangers calling me that. Matt, Matty, same dif.”

“You’ll still be a stranger in my phone book,” thank GOD my brain cells started working again. “What pleasantries has Harry been feeding you?”

“He said that my long hair gives me something to hold on to,” the fit bartender shrugs, pouring some tequila and mixing it with some unnamed cheap liquor. “My shift ends at… half-two so I’ll see you both then.”

-

“Okay, not the worst idea ever.”

It’s – oh, who knows? – quarter to three and all three of them have a buzz going on. Harry is giggling, duh, and Matty has his hands shoved inside of Harry’s really tight looking jeans. Maybe to make the dick–suffocation less in affect.

“Lex, you’re thinking awfully too hard,” Harry whines, he actually whines like a child whose favourite toy was taken. “I want you to join us in bed.”

Alex really hasn’t a clue why the fuck they’re in his flat that has a bed that can barely hold two people, never mind three. Only thing that’s going through his mind is: Naked Harry and Matty, now.

“I think I got a couple cigs in my room?” Alex offers, which Matty takes as a freebie. They stumble into the tiny room, with Harry on the bed – he flops onto it, actually.

“Wow, I think this one’s from the 80’s,” Matty manages to light up the cigarette without burning down the house with his alcohol breath. “I think I like you already.”

“One drunken threesome won’t win my heart, Matthew,” Alex kindly sets the bar. “Now, I want Harry to suck you off whilst he rides my cock.”

“Mm, I’m ‘ready hard and hot for you,” Harry seems to have shucked all his clothes off with some sort of magic since he’s very well naked before two men’s eyes. Alex doesn’t miss the way Matty lips at his lips. “C’mon, I want someone to rim me. Eat me out like I’m some sort of French buffet.”

“Quite some imagery there, young man,” Alex has just enough willpower not to scoff at that comment. “I think I’ll do
hues of green in the late summer sunlight, twelve-year-old version of Zayn sinks to one knee in front of six-year-old Harry. "I give you my oath."


  Summer flies by and it's close to fall when Harry notices the familar darker skinned boy isn't around. The same boy who'd always make sure he got all his stuffed animals around him before he went to bed. Who kissed his temple muttering "bonne nuit, mon petit chaton".

  "Where's Zen?" Harry asks Louis, who is only three years older than he. "I haven't seen him forever!"

  "He's not with us anymore." The prince tells him, looking genuinely sorry. "That's what Maman told me. I don't know the full story, Haz."


  That broke Harry, thinking his friend died from a Strigoi attack.



  That was also the night he discovered he has strong connection with the element of earth. He created a small, barely detectable crack in the field. Louis, surprised, told Harry to calm down.


  "Zayn..." Tears brim Harry's eyes when his repressed memories from his childhood in Brussels with Zayn flood him, overwhelming his senses.

  How Zayn sneaked into his room during one winter night, both respectively at eleven and five, because it was cold and Harry whined about sleeping alone. They cuddled together as sleep overtook them.

  Zayn was still there in the morning, only to be scolded by van DerNacht for disrupting Harry and ditching his dhampir training.

  "It's really you..." Harry throws his arms around the older vampire, burying his nose into the crook of his neck as he inhales the sweet fragrance of citrus from Zayn. He pulls away once the tears stop, drinking in the sight of Zayn in black tuxedo with white shirt underneath, with a scarf completing his outfit. How stupid was Harry to not realise who his guardian was?

  "Have I mentioned you're an inconsiderate prat?" Niall hisses at Louis, who looks at the embracing couple with a smug smile. "He hadn't a clue what happened to his sweet protector."

  "Oh hush -"

  "We're still here and have no idea what the hell is going on," George clears his throat. "Oh, and pleasure to meet you, Prince Louis."

  "Ooh, a cute dhampir! Niall and I would be delighted to - "

  Niall blushes as he kisses Louis again, short and abrupt to shut him up. "Like I said, no manners. Pleased t' meet ya!"

  "You're Irish," the confused Bristol-native dhampir mutters, feeling extremely stupid. "I mean you're one of the heirs in line to the Irish Moroi throne!"

  "I hate politics," Niall mumbles when Jade lets out a shrill, ear-splitting scream.

   Jade's light brown and red hair is on fire, with Perrie's eyes narrowed onto her. No doubt the girl is a fire user. Harry thinks to himself.

  "False alarm, people," she simply glares back at the blonde, doing something with the air until the fire is put out. "Cos in case George hasn't caught on, Prince Louis just suggested a threesome and since..."

  "I need to bleach my memories," the guardian-in-training blushes hotly as Niall giggles the same time Louis mutters "uh-oh."

  Olly Murs' song "Troublemaker" decides to play when a peeved-looking Strauss opens the door to the banquet hall, his arms crossed across his chest.

  "Perfect timing for my exit. Niall, follow me. Lovely meeting you again, Zayn. Oh, and Harry?" The Belgian Moroi curls his lip in a mocking sneer. "Ne viens pas trop vite."

  Zayn's brows furrow together when Harry makes a rude gesture at his so-called best mate as he walks towards the fuming Headmaster. Niall mumbles a quick goodbye to everyone, as Jesy, the dark brunette gazing after him.

  Perrie's piercing blue eyes, however, are regarding Zayn with cold contempt. That tells Zayn how she saw everything that happened between him and Harry's old friends; his old friends.

  We're over now. Zayn thinks to himself, pointedly grabbing for Harry's waist, pulling him closer to him. The Moroi lets out a startled gasp when the guardian kisses the side of his neck, sucking and licking at his pulse.

  "You're mine," the guardian growls out as he glares back at the blonde Moroi, fully aware she can hear them. "And I protect you at all cost."

  "Is Louis gay?" Jade quips in after Zayn leaves a love bite on Harry's neck, very visible to anyone even in the dimly lit hall. "Or is he one of those arses who plays with people's hearts?"

  "He claims to be bisexual, I've seen him snogging Eleanor when he was fifteen at a party," the curly haired Moroi yelps out when Zayn moves his large hand down to his arse, proper groping it. "
the battered, broken, bloody one here.”

“What the actual hell?” Zayn is proper confused.

 

“Unrequited love, my dear Zayn,” Harry leans up and presses his dainty, pink lips to Zayn’s ear, for once taking control. “Is a scary thing.

 

How would you know about it?

 

-

 

Harry should feel like shit that he let Zayn know—sort of—that he loves the bully but since when was his life in order? If Zayn was to reject him, screw that, he has his friends.

 

“You’re awfully quiet after visiting your never-going-to-be in-laws,” Niall teases, a bowl-full of caramel popcorn in front of him. “Shouldn’t you be gushing?”

“I have no chance with him when he doesn’t even know what real love is.”

 


-



 



Christmas


 

“No mails during holidays—oh hi Zayn,” Harry rubs at his eyes, still donning his pyjamas, looking at a preppy-dressed Zayn. “Wha—what brings you here?”

“For my promise, you stupid nerd,” Zayn rolls his eyes, offering a gloved hand. Wow, is that not a leather glove for once? “C’mon, gas is pricey these days.”

“You come from a wealthy business man’s family,” Harry rolls his eyes. “Wait, I’m not dressed!”

“And let you wear nerd clothes to where I’m taking you for lunch? Hell no,” Zayn is dragging Harry by force now. “Your clothes are all picked out. I, um, guessed the size.”

 

Using the backseat space to get changed isn’t as easy as it sounds. First, it’s cramped, and for a guy who’s nearly 180cm at the age of seventeen, it’s really cramped. Second, it’s uncomfortable. You have to cram yourself to put one leg into the totally-not-expensive-looking trousers, then the other. Oh, and his knuckles hit the windows about five-hundred times trying to put his stupid dress shirt on.

Last, Zayn can easily catch him naked.

 

(Maybe that’s a good thing?)

 

“Let’s not be tardy,” Zayn yells over his shoulder, sounder irritated. “You don’t want to be late for this one.”

 

This one turns out to be in a form of an expensive Italian ristorante, complete with reservation of the entire place.

 

“This doesn’t have to be a thing,” Harry sighs as the server takes his coat.

“It won’t be, but I still got two tickets to Santorini,” Zayn studies his nails. “If you don’t want to go, I’ll just take my favourite sister.”

“That won’t be necessary,” Harry grouses.

 

After ten minutes of studying the menu, he decides to go with yam fries as starter and some fancy sounding pasta.

 

-

 


The airport


 

“I’ve been to this airport once and that was to take a picture with a celebrity,” Harry huffs as Zayn guides him through the Heathrow Airport. It’s a large place built like a fucking maze in Harry’s opinion.

“Well, I’m rich,” Zayn shows both their tickets to the stewardess.

“… and of course it’s first-class,” Harry sighs at the sight of large chamber-like structure of where they will be for next three or four hours. “Do you lavish on everything?”

 

Harry could’ve sworn Zayn’s cheeks flushed.

 

-

 

Their destination is none other than the Santorini Islands, the infamous holiday vacation spot for, oh, everyone. People try to get them to their own hotels and Zayn refuses politely.

(Politely as in ‘fuck off, me and my boyfriend here already have everything reserved for.)

(Wait, he said boyfriend.

Holy shit.)

 

-

 

“You can’t just… Zayn,” Harry babbles out, feeling like an utter idiot. “You can’t do that!”

“They were trying to recruit us to their filthy, barely-one star hotel, of course I had to call you my ‘boyfriend’,” Zayn motions at Harry to light up his cigarette. “C’mon, let’s go to Hyatt or somewhere my taste.”

“I thought we had a place to go to.”

“Since when do I tell a straight truth to anyone?” Zayn takes a drag of his cigarette. “I made sure international data is a thing for you so search.

 

-

 

Third day of Santorini is the best for Harry.

 

Mainly because Zayn isn’t moody and secretive, but also because they go on a date.

 

A real date where they act like themselves, not like they did in that ristorante.

 

“A gelato place, then a dessert café? Sounds like a go to me!” Harry giggles, resting his head on Zayn’s shoulder. “I knew I liked you for a reason.”

“We go back home and I’ll end up hurting you anyways.”

 

That hurts Harry a lot as Zayn pays
up to crash his lips upon his, his hand coming up to cup the back of his neck with a soft groan. Nick cupped Harry's cheek in his hand, smiling into the kiss. After a while, Nick pulled away, with a quick peck on Harry's nose.

  "Best first kiss ever," Harry giggled, nuzzling their noses together.

  Present day

  Nick sighs as he sets the bottle down on the counter. He did so much for Harry but really? The love of his life - he knows he's being melodramatic but whatever - broke up with him over some stupid argument.

  Now the empty bottles of liquor keep him company.

  The second vodka bottle is almost empty and Nick has half a mind to finish it before dinner. Maybe.

  He just wants to forget about it all.


  Flashback 3


  "For love of God," Harry giggled as Nick has been driving along for last half-hour, "will you please tell me where the fuck we're going?"

  "But that'd spoil all the fun!" Nick swatted at Harry's thigh, maybe a little too close to his dick area. "C'mon, Harold. I promise you will like it."

  Nick didn't have to glance over to Harry to see that he was sporting a pout. It was bloody obvious his boyfriend of two weeks was pouting just because he wouldn't tell him where they were headed. He drove for another ten minutes until they were at their destination.

  "What's that for?" Harry raised an eyebrow when Nick took a mat with him. 

  "You'll see."

  They walked for twenty minutes until they reached the top of a nameless hill. They could see the stars above them if they looked up.

  "Sit," Nick told Harry as he put the mat on the grass, grinning wide. "And let's stargaze for a while."

  "I don't think I'd want to do much of stargazing," Harry mumbled as he laid next to Nick, obeying and looking up in the sky. "You're the best boyfriend ever, Nicholas Grimshaw."

  "I try my best, Harry Styles," he leant over to peck his boyfriend's cheek. "I hope I could keep you with me forever."

  "I'll be yours as long as you aren't tired of me," Harry, apparently, didn't really want to spend time stargazing because he rolled over and straddled Nick's hips, his lips hovering over Nick's, blocking out the view of the starlit sky. "Which I hope to be a long time."

  "I won't ever get tired of you, babe," Nick leant up to press their lips together. "Forever and always, Harry."

  "Forever and always."

  They kissed underneath a trillion stars until they saw the first daylight.


  Present day


  Nick feels like shit now. Harry said forever and always but look at them now, both single. Harry took a larger part in that but that doesn't make Nick's heart any less broken. Really, he feels like he's lost everything now.

  Finchy keeps telling him he's going to find someone new soon enough but Nick thinks that's bollocks. There's never going to be another Harry Styles for him and he fucking knows it.

  He glances at the half-empty second bottle of vodka and grabs it again. Why the fuck not? He's nothing to live for without Harry. He's quick to bring the bottle to his lips and take a swig from the burning liquid.

  Yeah, this is how he lives now.

  He puts the bottle down only once there's barely any left there and reaches into his pockets to produce a pack of cigarettes. Harry never liked him smoking but he isn't here to stop him and lecture him on it anymore so yeah. He balances the fag between his lips and lights it up, then puffs out a cloud of smoke.

  Nick needs to relax.

  Flashback 4

  "Harold," Nick groused when Harry woke him up at 10AM on a bloody Saturday. When it wasn't the weekdays, he didn't need to wake up at godawful time of 4AM to get ready for Breakfast Show, so it only was natural for him to be grumpy when his boyfriend had terrible idea of waking him up so early. "It's not even noon!"

  "But I made breakfast for you!" Nick didn't have to open his eyes to see Harry pouting. "And I nearly burnt my finger for that!"

  "Well, that's a sign you shouldn't cook then," Nick grumbled as he threw a pillow over his head to block out Harry's voice. "Would you please let me sleep for another couple hours, babe?"

  "I. Made. You. Breakfast," Harry repeated himself slowly, like Nick couldn't understand English properly. "Now get out of the bed and eat it!"

  "But Harold," Nick complained, getting the hint that his boyfriend wouldn't leave
got him?”

“There’s no such thing as ghosts, idiot,” Zayn rolls his eyes at his Irish best friend. “I was gonna say we split, but we only have one camera man so let’s go to the corridor together.”

 

The now-nine of them walk to the corridor, and there seems to be a message written for them.

“Wanna know what happened to your friend?” Harry reads out. “Is the ghost trying to communicate with us?”

“Nonsense,” Zayn presses his lips to his boyfriend’s cheek. “I told you, ghosts are bullshit.”

“Uh-huh,” Liam, who was the biggest believer of this so-called ghost from the start, glances at Zayn. “When we all die from this psycho ghost, my last thought will be ‘I hate you, Zayn Malik.’”

“That’s a tad bit rude,” Harry defends his boyfriend, which Zayn isn’t all that thankful about.

“I can defend myself — alright, where did JJ go?” Zayn’s growing more frustrated by the moment that his friends are bailing on this little trip. “Did you guys plan on getting out of this fucking house one by one?”

“I swear we didn’t,” Nick speaks for the first time, it seems to Zayn. “This just in, the ghost is angry that a bunch of teenagers are disrupting his resting spot.” He adds for the camera.

“Nick, did you film the sign of warning?” Liam sounds extra worried.

“Duh, so that we can prove everyone wrong and show this to them!” Nick rolls his eyes. “Honestly, I can’t see how you’re so tensed when you share bodily fluids with–”

“That’s enough,” Niall speaks up before Nick can say something cringe-worthy. “Don’t pick on me and Liam.”

“I can say a lot about you two,” Nick angles his camera towards Zayn and Harry. “There was that one time when I walked in on Harry–”

“Can we keep this tape PG?” Jaymi growls. “It’s bad enough that my boyfriend decided to bail out.”

“Or the killer ghost got him,” Liam inputs.

“Bollocks,” Zayn growls out. “Ghosts exist in books and movies, you idiot.”

“Will you please stop calling me an idiot?” Liam sighs. “Alright, let’s go.”

They turn left for the first sight of a door and there’s a message written there.

“Another one lost, another prey for me,” George reads out loud. “The fuck is that supposed to mean?”

“What it literally says,” Louis suggests. “Or the last person who was here decided to use this awesomely blood-coloured paint.”

“Doesn’t it look too fresh to have been written ages ago?” Harry points out. “And it’s warm.” He extends an arm to rub at the ‘paint’.

The realisation dawns on the remaining eight of them.

“That’s… blood of the fallen?” Louis is brave — or stupid, those two things go together well — to voice out the thought. “The ghost has a sodding real form?”

“Alright, the jig is up,” Zayn tries not to sound too exasperated. “Who the hell is doing this prank?”

No one speaks up.

“Hey, Jaymi — the fuck?”

Now, Jaymi is out of the picture, leaving them to the number of seven.

“Whoever planned this, this is awesome so far,” Zayn comments, pushing through the creaky door. “Any more messages from our lovely host?”

“Yeah, here,” Niall points at the wall furthest from them. “‘You ten were stupid enough to bring that large number of people here to start with.’”

“Okay, this mastermind is incredibly rude,” Zayn huffs out a breath. “Just look for stuff that can let us identify this place.”

 

The seven of them search the room until Zayn hears a screech.

“Who was that?” He turns around instinctively, shining his flashlight at whoever was nearby, which happens to be George.

“Not me,” Niall reports. “Wait, let’s do a head count.”

“Louis?” George sounds fearful. “Where’d he go?”

“A new message!” Liam sounds super-worried now. “‘We’ve got some disbelievers, I see. I’ll just pluck you off one by one… see you all soon.’”

 

Seeing it was fruitless, the remaining six go to another room. There are cobwebs everywhere, making it hard for them to see anything through those.

“Something tells me no one’s been here for a long while,” Niall comments. “Alri’, what can happen to us? Liam?”

Zayn looks behind him, knowing that Liam was the last person to leave the first room and of course the bulky lad isn’t there.

“This is getting out of control,” Nick says to the camera, for once filming himself. “My hair is perfect so that’s one