unable to take his eyes off of Yunho’s dick. The briefs are… brief, and there really isn’t anything much left to the imagination. Yunho bends a knee and his thigh muscles flex. Changmin’s jaw sets, because, well, the entire nation plus internet got quite the eyeful of that same thigh plus underwear plus dick, and that is just.

Not okay.

That’s Changmin’s.

(With Yunho’s permission, of course.)

Changmin brings his eyes back up to Yunho’s face in time for the man to smirk a little and shrug his shoulders. His chest jiggles.

Changmin’s thinking brain decides to take a vacation. He’s feeling a little parched. “I just exfoliated,” he blurts, like a broken record.

“That’s nice,” Yunho says.

Changmin manages to get his eyes above the man’s waistline. “I,” he says. “You.”

“Me,” Yunho repeats. “You.”

“I just exfoliated,” Changmin repeats, coming back to the fact that he can’t see himself escaping this night sweat free, and thus, his clear idol perfect skin is ruined.

“That wasn’t very smart of you, Changdol,” says Yunho, the asshole, and lets go of his hips.

He places both of his hands on the bed at his sides.

Changmin stares at them, considering. “Oh?” he says. He’s starting to get an idea.

Yunho just stares up at him, eyes completely trusting. He’s still all done up--lids painted peach and lashline darkened with khol.

Changmin licks his lips.

Yunho’s mouth curves.

Changmin sets his shoulders back. “Hyung.” He drops his tone, considering. “Yunho.”

Yunho’s pupils blow out a little, and his head dips a little.

Changmin feels something in his chest smart--he’s earned the right to informality ages ago; fuck, Yunho. He lets it go, gives himself a moment to close his eyes, before reaching for the knot of his towel with a half-lidded glance.

Yunho watches him, entranced and oh so willing. His head tips back a little, baring his throat.

The show of trust goes through Changmin like a whip-crack, straightening his spine and making him dizzy with it. He lets the towel drop to the floor, doesn’t even think twice about the mess he’s making; he’s about to make an even bigger mess, after all, and also it’s not even his apartment anyway.

Yunho follows him with his eyes, breath quickening, as Changmin sets a knee on the bed.

“Yunho,” he says again.

Yunho’s lips part. “Changmin,” he replies.

Changmin’s nostrils flare. “You were very bad today.” And then he stops, brows pulling together and nose scrunching up. “What the fuck?” he says.

Yunho holds it together for a few seconds, but then he’s laughing, sitting up from his sprawl and reaching out so that he can drag Changmin into his lap in between giggles. Changmin ends up sprawled naked across his lap, ass plopped down across those unfairly muscled thighs, cock going half hard and sliding along the lines of Yunho’s abs.

“Shut up,” he tells Yunho, ears pink. “Just. Shut up.”

“But Changdol.” Yunho reaches out to tweak an ear or two. “I was such a bad boy today.”

“Yeah, okay, I’m tired--shut up,” snaps Changmin, embarrassed. “I was feeling out the mood.”

“And the mood was saying corny one liners and a hard flogging, was it?” says Yunho, and he says it all in a rush and with such aplomb that Changmin actually worries for his own sanity. Because instead of sending him screaming to the hills, it’s making him love the man even more.

“What the fuck?” he says again.

Yunho just cuddles him more solidly against his massive chest and giggles right up against Changmin’s temple. “You’re the best, Changdol,” he says. “Please don’t change.”

Changmin feel the amusement filter out of the room like a balloon pop. “Only if you promise not to also,” he says. “And that we’ll do this till they’re sick of us.”

“Deal,” Yunho says, sealing their hands together between them. “Promise.”

Changmin presses a kiss to the bit of face near his lips. “Good,” he says, and gives Yunho a quick squeeze. Then he shoves him away gently. “Yah. Hyung. The military was awful for us.”

Yunho frowns at him. “You loved the military,” he protests.

“You loved the military,” Changmin corrects. “But you do realize this is the first time we’ve fucked properly since you’ve discharged, right?”

Yunho blinks at him. “Changmin, technically we haven’t fucked--”

Changmin grinds his ass down against the man’
,” says Courfeyrac. “R wouldn’t settle for anything less than tongue.”

“R was also not at all sober,” says Grantaire, dryly. He reaches around Feuilly to take hold of Courfeyrac’s shirt sleeve, and tugs him back towards his spot in the circle. “Your turn.”

Courfeyrac follows his lead with an eye roll. It looks odd, in the dark. “This is sort of boring,” he says.

“I think it’s interesting,” begins Marius, quietly, before Cosette hushes him.

“What would make it more interesting?” she asks.

“Alcohol,” says Eponine and Grantaire, instantly, and Enjolras rolls his eyes.

“What else?” prompts Cosette.

“I don’t think you can have a boring game of Truth or Dare,” says Joly.

“Nonsense,” says Bossuet. “Everything can be boring.”

“Well, that’s fucking depressing,” says Grantaire. “Thank you for that, Bossuet, I’ll be sure to tell all my would-be-law-students you said that next year.”

“So you are going to be an RA next year,” says Eponine, triumphantly. “Give me five.”

Grantaire raises his eyebrows. “I’m nowhere near you,” he says.

“Air five,” says Eponine.

“Boring,” says Courfeyrac.

“I don’t think it’s boring,” argues Enjolras.

“You obviously aren’t thinking straight,” says Courfeyrac. “My kissing skills must have killed off brain cells.”

“Your kissing skills aren’t that great,” points out Bahorel.

“Yeah,” agrees most of the room.

“You’re all awful people,” says Courfeyrac. “I don’t know why I even try with you.”

“Chance,” says Jehan, suddenly, and they all turn to look at him. He gets to his feet to go darting into the hallway, returning with an empty water bottle.

Courfeyrac looks gleeful in the flashlight light. “Yes,” he agrees. “Brilliant, Jehan.”

Jehan rolls his eyes a little, but also preens.

Musichetta does shakes her head at the both of them and leans around to take the bottle and spin.

“Hey,” says Courfeyrac. “You skipped me.”

“Bite me,” says Musichetta, as the bottle stops. “Cosette, truth or dare?”

--

Enjolras isn’t quite sure how, but he manages to make it a full thirty minutes before he gets called on. Courfeyrac takes turns making each of their friends make out with him to pass the time, but when Eponine rolls the bottle and it just barely passes Enjolras for the third time, he groans.

“Dare him to switch spots with Enjolras,” he says. “It’s unfair.”

Grantaire shrugs both of his shoulders at Eponine, who nods.

“You still have to say dare,” grumbles Enjolras, but he switches with Grantaire obligingly.

--

“Oh, um,” says Jehan, startled, when the bottle lands on him several moments later. “Truth?”

There is a collective sigh. “Aw, come on, Prouvaire,” complains Eponine, reaching out to shove at Jehan’s shoulders. “Live a little.”

Jehan holds his head up. “Truth,” he repeats, ignoring how Courfeyrac flops down across Musichetta’s lap with a sigh.

“Um,” says Joly. “How about--”

Bossuet tugs him close to him with a terrifying cackle, but Jehan doesn’t so much as flinch.

“Why--?” Enjolras starts to ask him.

“He’s sitting near Courfeyrac,” explains Jehan.

Courfeyrac has not moved from his place across Musichetta’s lap, but he still manages to convey a sentiment of a dog perking up its ears.

“Ah,” says Enjolras, and nothing more. “Good choice.”

Courfeyrac sits up. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

Combeferre snorts. “Don’t act surprised,” he says.

“No, but, what?” says Courfeyrac. “Last time we played Truth or Dare--”

“Last time we played Truth or Dare you made me skinny dip in your neighbor’s pool,” says Enjolras, into the suddenly very quiet room.

There is a beat.

“Um,” says Enjolras.

“Is there--” begins Bahorel, cautiously, “Is there footage of this?”

There is another beat.

“No,” says Combeferre, finally.

“It was a long time ago and we were in High School,” agrees Courfeyrac, nodding his head.

“There is absolutely no footage of this game,” continues Combeferre, also nodding his head.

Grantaire, Bahorel, and Feuilly all turn to look between Combeferre, Courfeyrac, and Enjolras in unison with wide, amused, eyes.

Combeferre nods some more, for good measure. “None at all.”

“Anyway!” says Enjolras, quickly. “You were saying truth?”

“Okay,” says Joly. “First person that ever made you, you know.” Musichetta makes a truly obscene gesture with her right wrist and Jehan has the decency to color a little.

“I think--” begins Jehan.
He comes awake in one great gasp, head thrown back against the pillows, hands clenching on air and sheets and then too soft hair, to Changmin’s mouth wrapped around his dick, and Changmin’s fingers biting into his hips.

Yunho swallows a moan, vision going spotty, and focuses on breathing more than anything else. The TV is still on, glowing blue black in the dimly lit room because his laptop’s given up and switched itself off. The lamp’s on. Yunho doesn’t remember turning the lights out--Changmin must’ve done it when he got in--turned on the lamp and closed the blinds for bed, probably, because they’re not due for ten hours and he must be exhausted.

Yunho almost feels bad, since he knows Changmin hates sleeping on planes and hates doing shows on no sleep, but mostly Yunho just feels, heart racing, chest heaving, and cock coming for what feels like hours--

--while Changmin just hums and hums and hums, content to swallow it all down with nothing more than a bruising grip along Yunho’s hip bones, nails biting into the sensitive flesh their.

“Imagine my surprise,” he says when he pops off, voice only slightly hoarse, “when I turn on my phone upon landing at Kansai airport to find twenty voicemails from almost every single one of our Korean and Japanese staff, including Sam-san.”

He says the honorific all pretty and Japanese and Yunho goes vaguely breathless despite the orgasm, brain gone to mush and down Changmin’s throat with the rest of him.

Changmin laughs, not unkindly, but Yunho feels his cheeks burn anyway. “Now that was quite a voicemail.”

Yunho suddenly can’t look him in the eyes, horrified. He told them not to call him.

He remembers that night, years ago, when a much younger Changmin looked him in the eye and told him in hushed tones how he didn’t want to be someone’s reflection so much as their other half, and how he was so scared that he was going to be a beta and end up alone. Yunho’d looked right back at him, heart racing, wrapped him up in a too tight hug, told him everything would be fine and of course he wouldn’t end up alone, and very quietly started ignoring the text messages his mother kept sending him and the doctor’s appointments he wasn’t supposed to be missing.

And then their world blew to shit in 2009, and things kind of got swept under the rug.

Yunho bites his lip.

“Hyung?” Changmin sounds concerned, and Yunho looks at him before he can help himself.

Changmin’s brows pull together, and he looks almost cowed and incredibly gentle when he taps Yunho on the hip again. “Budge over.”

Yunho goes, fully aware that this is nothing like heats are supposed to be, but feeling a little bit lost and fragile, and then angry at himself for feeling this way because he is never a stereotype, not even a little.

Changmin cuddles him, curling himself around Yunho’s bulkier frame and burying his face in Yunho’s neck like an overgrown kitten. He feels more solid than before, new muscles in his arms and new hair growing on his upper lip, but he looks at Yunho the same, if not with slightly more apprehension and bemused affection.

Yunho remembers suddenly that he’s not the only one who’s never done this before; that he’s not the only one who’s just gotten mated to the world’s busiest and most wanted man.

His eyes feel wet.

Changmin doesn’t say anything.

Yunho’s almost content to stay like that, but his dick says otherwise. There’d been some relief after the blowjob, because his body knew it was Changmin and knew that that meant fucking and biting and knotting, but his body’s also too new to heat to be fine with just one orgasm, which they found out in April during the first one anyway, so Changmin just sighs a little, obviously a tired, but let’s Yunho grind back against his dick again anyway.

Yunho stills. “Oh,” he says. “You’re hard.”

Changmin’s definitely rolling his eyes. “Yunho-hyung,” he says. “You’re in heat.”

Yunho flushes despite himself, glad they’re back to front so he doesn’t have to try to meet Changmin’s eyes. “Yeah, well,” he says.

Changmin hides a grin in the back of Yunho’s neck, and then, after a moment, presses a tiny kiss to the skin there.

Yunho goes from flickering flames to roaring fire in three seconds flat. “Changdol,” he gasps out.

Changmin growls in return, one hand snaking down Yunho’s chest to circle his cock, barely there pressure that has Yunho fucking his hips forward without thinking.

“Changdol,” he tries again.

Changmin kisses him on the neck again, and then on the shoulder, and then lets go of Yunho’s dick so that
chest.

Changmin drops his hand down from the tag, whirls them both back around, and then drops his chin onto Yunho’s shoulder. Both his hands come around this time, one on top of the other, and Yunho stares into the mirror with his heart going a mile a minute.

“It’s horrendous,” Changmin repeats, eyes caught on the slope of Yunho’s throat. It’s like he can already tell that the thing’s a size too big, and if Yunho didn’t have another shirt underneath, it would leave out almost all of his collarbones. It’s like he can tell that the thing is giving Yunho…paws. “It’s fashionable, though,” Changmin continues, giving Yunho a slight squeeze. “Buy it anyway.”

Yunho swallows, throat bobbing. In the mirror, he looks caught, eyes wide, blown, and unable to look away from Changmin’s own, dark, glittering, and utterly enraptured by the sliver of Yunho’s neck.

Their staff is outside.

Their staff and a cameraman.

Yunho wants to kiss Changmin--

“Yunho-yah,” Kyungjae-hyung interrupts sounding done. “Changmin-ah. We are on a schedule.”

Changmin releases Yunho instantly, expression sour for all of three seconds, before emerging from the dressing room with a flourish. “He’s buying it,” he decides, and reaches back to tug the curtain aside so that Yunho can come out, still wrapped up in the sweater.

“It’s…horrendous,” one of the stylist-noonas says, already salivating a little.

Yunho thinks she’s the one who put them in four different half glittering suits the entirety of October and a week of November.

“It’s YSL,” Changmin says, and that’s the end of it.

--

“You have…half an hour,” Kyungjae-hyung says, and frowns a little. “We’re going boating tomorrow.” His lips pull to one side. “They want you sleeveless.”

Changmin’s ears flame. “For the last time, that was entirely by accident--and entirely Yunho-hyung’s fault--”

Yunho drops a hand overtop Changmin’s mouth with a smile. “Thank you, Hyung,” he says.

Changmin chews on his palm, unrepentant, and then goes still and pink when Yunho steps in close and says, none too quietly, “Stop that. This is what got us into that in the first place.”

Changmin looks like he really wants to say something about how it really wasn’t his fault, given that Yunho was the one who had decided that what they really should do in the ten minutes they had after Inkigayo was fuck in a broom closet, and it was Yunho who had failed to provide Changmin with any sort of things to hold onto or bite onto when in the throes of an utterly unfair and mindblowing orgasm, and it was Yunho who had, at the same time, decided to answer his phone when Kyungjae-hyung wanted to know where the fuck they were.

Which.

To be fair, it probably was Yunho’s fault that Changmin had mauled his forearm, and the fact that it meant they both had to be in long sleeves for a few music programs and performances was fine, because it was winter.

Kyungjae-hyung still hasn’t let it go, however.

Yunho thinks they should give Kyungjae-hyung a raise.

“Fire him,” Changmin says, as soon as their manager has left and it’s just the two of them in their Milan hotel room. “Give him to the new group--what are they called? Angel Food Cake?”

“Red Velvet,” Yunho corrects, shaking his head. He yawns, and hides it behind his hand.

“We are not fucking,” Changmin continues, even as he goes for the buttons on his dress shirt and shoves Yunho down onto the bed. “We only have half an hour.”

Yunho watches him with half lidded eyes, content to watch as Changmin strips his way out of the first shirt, and is left in the undershirt, nipples pebbled up against the thin fabric.

Changmin swallows, caught.

Yunho lets his eyes dip lower.

“Fuck,” Changmin swears, getting a knee over the bed and shoving into Yunho’s lap. He’s crueler to the buttons on Yunho’s shirt, but no less diligent. “Fuck, fine.”

Yunho lets his hands settle on Changmin’s hips, tugs him in close, and kisses him.

“Twenty minutes,” Changmin sighs out.

They’re late.

--

Yunho buys a painting on the way home. He wears designer shoes that lace up and down his ankles, partly because they’re comfortable, but mostly because when Changmin sees them he makes a sore face of disapproval. He can’t say anything, though, since Yunho bought him wine.

“I should wear these more often,” Yunho tells him rather pleasantly, in the middle of Incheon airport waiting for their luggage.

Changmin has filming immediately after, and no doubt will go rushing off
years, setting up the bed next to Combeferre’s. “Did you say Cosette?”

“Yes,” says Enjolras, hesitantly.

“Cosette Fauchelevent?” says the student, sounding breathless. “Did you see her scar?”

Enjolras opens his mouth to snap back, but is halted by Combeferre’s hand on his back.

“Yes,” he says, to the point. “It’s not like she hides it.”

“Oh, I know, I--” says the student.

“It’s okay,” says Combeferre, not unkindly, but in a way that leaves no room for further debate.

The other boy finishes putting his trunk down at the base of his bed and disappears out of the room in a rush.

“Wow,” says Feuilly, coming into the room with Musichetta in tow. “Remind me never to get on your bad side.”

“How did you even get in here?” says Enjolras, ignoring him, to Musichetta.

The girl raises both her hands and eyebrows. “What do you mean?”

“I’m relatively certain there are spells to prevent that--” begins Enjolras.

“Not for the girls,” says Combeferre. “Just the boys.”

“That doesn’t seem fair,” says Enjolras, watching Musichetta settle onto his bed.

“Life isn’t fair,” she says, brightly, pulling out a deck of cards. “Now who here knows how to play exploding snap?”

 

 

So this is a Hogwarts AU. Updates on this will be crazy as I am a crazy and am doing all 7 years.

Come say hi on tumblr.

Sorry for the time lapse…as I said, this is a really intense project and also I’m back at school! SHOUT OUT TO THE BEST ROOMMATES EVER YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE. But seriously, I’m really enjoying this verse; fake schedules of hell aside. (I now have 3 years worth of fake schedules so…)

Enjoy!

Betaed by Murf and Marta as always, all other mistakes are my own.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


First Year - 2


--

Classes don’t start till nine the next morning, so when Enjolras hears the sounds of his fellow housemates moving around the room, he simply rolls over with the intention of going back to sleep. He thinks he hears the sounds of Combeferre getting out of the bed next to his, but most of that is lost in the beautiful, and lovely lure of sleep; he takes a deep breath, lets it out, and burrows further into the covers.

He has absolutely no warning, therefore, before the door the dorm comes shattering open and none other than Marius Pontmercy (Enjolras remembers the last name pointedly from the sorting the other night) is saying, “I really don’t think we should be here--”

“Live a little, Pontmercy,” interjects Courfeyrac. He’s whispering, at least, but seeing as he’s currently inside Enjolras’ dormitory being loud and dramatic at an ungodly hour, it’s sort of a moot point.

“No, but, did you hear the knocker? It sounded really disapproving,” continues Marius. He’s whispering as well, but in a way that suggests he actually cares. Enjolras really should make a point of getting to know Marius better in the coming years, as he is obviously a far better choice friend than Courfeyrac.

“It’s a knocker,” says Courfeyrac, not at all fazed. “It therefore cannot sound disapproving, Marius. Honestly.”

Enjolras finds himself very vindictively wishing that Courfeyrac would trip over the trunk at the foot of his bed.

“No, but,” says Marius, and then there’s a terrible thudding noise.

Enjolras considers rolling over if only to thank the heavens, since it sounds very much like his wishes have come true and Courfeyrac has indeed tripped over the trunk at the foot of his bed.

To be safe, he says, “Did you just trip over the trunk at the foot of my bed?”

There is a short pause. “It lives,” says Combeferre, finally. “Yay.”

And then Courfeyrac starts cursing.

Enjolras thinks that it’s actually impressive how many swears the other boy manages to get into the span of thirty seconds. But then he sighs, and starts mourning for the loss of his sleep.

When Courfeyrac finishes, Enjolras has rolled over onto his back and is staring up hanging blue curtains of his bed counting backwards from ten very slowly. When the room goes quiet, he pauses, lets out a deep breath, and closes his eyes.

“Thank you for that, Courfeyrac,” says Combeferre, dryly, into the silence. “I’m sure if anyone in our dorm was still sleeping, they are now awake.”

“I’m not,” Enjolras points out, not opening his eyes. “I’m dreaming. Go away.”

The curtains come open with a great whoosh and suddenly there is sunlight everywhere.

“Rise and shine, Enjolras!” crows Courfeyrac, the bastard. “It’s breakfast time!”

Enjolras rolls over in vain, chasing sleep
minutes later and Yunho has successfully managed to figure out that if he pets Changmin’s butt just so his boyfriend-turned-cat can’t help but sprawl across his chest and purr like a rocket. He keeps one hand on that spot, heart pounding, as he waits for Kyuhyun and Heechul to stop laughing long enough to go get Teukie-hyung. Because obviously the two of them are no help at all.

“Meow,” says Changmin, sounding sad despite all the purring and sprawling, and Yunho’s heart thumps.

“Hyung,” he whines into the phone. “I can’t turn him back.”

Part of him is actually worried, because what if the stone is broken--or what if there’s a limit on the number of wishes. Yunho is trying not to think about it, but usually it’s like three wishes, and he’s already used those three up, which is more than a little terrifying. Yunho loves Changmin unconditionally and would smuggle him back into Korea without thinking, but he’d actually like to have a career and a boyfriend sometime in the future. Instead of a kitten.

“Yah, Yunrobong it’ll be fine,” says Heechul, once he manages to stop laughing. “Just think about his dick or something--”

“Hyung!” Yunho says, cheeks suddenly flaming.

“--because I know you’re into kinky shit, dongsaeng, but that’s way too far--”

“Hyung!” Changmin meow-says, because Yunho doesn’t have to know him to know that’s exactly what he means.

That seems to set Heechul off even more, and Yunho can hear Kyuhyun in the back cackling about how adorable Changmin sounds.

Yunho makes an executive decision and hangs up the phone.

“Meow,” says Changmin, pleased.

Yunho raises his thumb up in his general direction and drapes an arm across his eyes.

--

“Okay you can’t stay a cat,” Yunho decides, once he’s actually gotten up, showered, and put on decent clothes. He’d debated taking Changmin with him, but one look at Changmin’s claws, and Changmin’s unimpressed face, and he’d decided to leave Changmin alone to deal with cleaning. If he wanted to lick himself clean and hack up more hairballs--fair play to him.

Changmin lifts his head up from where he’d fluffed up on Yunho’s pillow and cracks open one eye.

Yunho gives his hair one last dry before letting the towel drop onto the floor. “So I’m going to take this pebble.” He grabs the pebble from where he left it on Changmin’s desk. “And we’re going to sit here and fix this.”

Changmin keep staring at Yunho with dead eyes.

Yunho remembers that cats have crazy peripheral vision or something, and very quickly bends down to pick up the towel.

He smiles a little awkwardly, heart warm. “Anyway.” He sets the towel down on Changmin’s desk, which in the grand scheme of things isn’t that great--he should really go hang it on the towel rack--but given that Changmin really can’t nag him at present, Yunho thinks he can get away with it.

Changmin continues to stare at him with dead eyes.

Yunho isn’t sweating at all. His forehead’s just damp from the shower. “We’re going to fix this,” he says. “In one try.”

Changmin looks unimpressed, but he leans in to touch his head to Yunho’s hand anyway.

Yunho tightens his fingers around the pebble, pets Changmin’s forehead, and closes his eyes. Mostly for show, but also in hopes that this will work.

Nothing happens.

“Meow,” complains Changmin.

Yunho has to work very hard not to laugh. “Okay now,” he says, and this time he means it.

Or....not really.

“This time,” he tells Changmin, and then, when Changmin tries to bite him, “no I promise. Look. I’ll even think about your abs or something, cause animals don’t have abs, accept for turtles, which, ha, imagine if you were a turtle.” He’s kidding, mostly, but also, not really, but then Changmin is actually a turtle.

Yunho thinks, wow, this pebble sure is attuned to my every thought but then gets distracted by how very green Changmin is. All mottled and slightly reflective and definitely worthy of the second half of his name.

“Aw, Changmin,” he says, because what an opportunity, “You really are a stone resembling jade.”

Changmin tries to take Yunho’s fingers off with his non existent turtle teeth.

--

Yunho is dying.

He’d had to leave the room more than a few times, but once he got himself back together he ended up venturing back in a few times to make sure Changmin hadn’t died. Changmin hadn’t died any of those first three times. Of course, Changmin also hadn’t managed to cover more than about three
course, unfortunately, that same night Changmin decided to shower right when Yunho was in the bathroom taking a piss, so he came out to a text from Minho that read, ‘Yunho-hyung. Guess who’s getting in the shower?’ and two very amused and gleeful best friends.

And then Yunho had had to show them the other texts (from several other times during the week when Yunho was nowhere near the goddamn dorm and not at all going to rush home to pull the fire alarm, honestly, what was Minho’s problem). Unfortunately for Yunho, all of those texts featured Minho’s less than stellar codenames, the highlight of course being the aforementioned dick joke.

This morning Yunho hadn’t had time to do more than leg it across town to class and he wouldn’t put it past Donghae to have foregone literature appreciation and just drawn a dick somewhere on him.

“Minho-yah?” Yunho says, taking his hand back and rubbing nervously at his face. It was fine when he checked it in his phone camera two minutes ago.

“Nothing,” Minho says finally, smiling unconvincingly. “See you later.” He gives Yunho a mild bow, and then hurries across campus with his bag over one shoulder.

Yunho watches him go with his eyes narrowed.

--

One incredibly successful fire drill later (bless Minho), Yunho stumbles home from hapkido practice at 11PM exhausted, sweating, and rank. He walks into the building, trundles over to the front desk, smiles for the poor student tasked with desk duty, swipes his ID, and then heads for the elevator. It takes him three tries to get it to arrive.

The student on desk duty doesn’t even look up from her calculus homework, but Yunho gets it. She’s the night shift, and no doubt the night shift is the worst shift.

It feels like the elevator is moving at the speed of molasses, which is good for Yunho’s image, definitely, since it gives him plenty of time to stop nearly falling over dead on his feet, but also means that by the time he makes his way to the 12th floor, Yunho is basically dead walking anyway.

He unlocks his room with his eyes half closed, stumbles his way out of his shoes and clothes, and then staggers into his bathroom for a quick rinse off under the spray.

Halfway through his shampoo and conditioning routine, Yunho has maybe started in on the latest Girl’s Day song--and he’s doing the thing justice, might he add--when the fire alarm goes off.

It takes Yunho’s exhausted brain about three notes and suspender twirls before he realizes that’s what that noise is.

And then he groans, well and truly tired, and curses the fact that he can’t do more than dip his head upside down and count to ten. If he’s lucky, that’ll have washed out almost all of the suds; if he’s not, he’ll get to gather outside covered in shampoo.

Yunho’s never been very lucky. Turns out, he’s not about to start now.

He runs into Minho on his way down the stairs after the ten people who were still in their rooms on Floor 12.

“Yunho-hyung!” Minho says, and then, bites his lip. “Shit, fuck.”

Yunho would tilt his head at him, but he’s currently trying to keep from losing an eye to shampoo. He’d also had the foresight to say fuck it and pull on boxers before leaving the room this time, so he’s less concerned about the towel falling down and able to have his hands free.

Minho’s eyes glide around Yunho’s collar bones and shoulders. “Fuck,” he says. “Listen, it wasn’t on purpose, or anything, I swear.”

Yunho is starting to have a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach.

“I have no idea who he bribed on your floor, though,” Minho hurries to finish, before Shim Changmin comes charging out into the stairwell looking gleeful.

“Yunho-hyung,” he says politely.

Yunho’s eyes narrow. A clump of shampoo suds decides then and there to fall down his temple and land pointedly on one of Yunho’s bare feet.

The students behind them in the stairwell shift nervously, and Yunho starts walking again.

“Nice look.” And Changmin has the audacity to smirk.

Oh, it’s on.

--

“Is this…a mating dance?” says Boa, with only mild concern.

Yunho ignores her, fumbling around under his bed in search of his slippers. Minho’s got practice for some fucking ball sport tonight, which he’d only thought of to tell Yunho the moment before he was due to the athletic fields. This means Yunho has two options: forgo his and Changmin’s war and risk losing face, or sneak downstairs and wait outside Changmin’s door for the first sounds of running water.

Yunho finds the slippers, punches the air, and goes for his ID and wallet. And phone