was much of a test, just some boring questions and talking.





“I don’t know!” Scott began crying in earnest, and Stiles rushed forward to hug him.





“It’s okay,” he said. “My dad won’t be home for a while, but we can go get your mom.”





Scott continued sniffling all the way back to his house, where they waited in the living room for Scott’s mom to come home from work. As soon as she came through the front door, she frowned.





“Scott? What’s wrong?”





Scott tried to speak through his crying, but couldn’t make himself understood.





“The Jedi said they needed to talk to you,” Stiles said. “But Scott didn’t do anything wrong, their tests were dumb.”





Scott’s mom looked lost for a long moment, and then her eyes widened with the same fear Stiles saw in Scott’s. It terrified him.





“What–” Melissa began, but then got cut off by a series of pounding knocks at the door she had closed moments ago. Scott and Stiles jumped in surprise, and before they knew what was happening, Melissa was herding them into the coat closet.





“Shh,” she whispered. “Shh, I want you to stay in here. Don’t move.”





When she closed the door, they were left in darkness. Stiles clutched Scott, as much for his own comfort as for Scott’s. They could hear the voices of the Jedi and Melissa as they moved from the front door to the couch that Stiles and Scott had been sitting on moments ago.





Stiles didn’t understand what they were saying– words jumped out at him like “gifted” and “training,” and he heard Melissa’s voice becoming increasingly angry. They argued for a long time, but Stiles remained frozen, holding onto Scott tight for fear that they would somehow hear if he moved an inch.





“I want you to remain calm,” a man finally said, and the power in his voice made Stiles nearly sit down with the force of it. “I’m going to take Scott out of that closet over there and then take him to his new home.”





Stiles would never understand how Melissa did it, how she somehow overcame the imperative in that voice, but there was suddenly a loud blasting noise and a thump.





“Say that again and I’ll shoot to kill,” Melissa said, her voice colder than Stiles had ever heard it before.





What were clearly the sounds of a fight broke out in the next moment. Scott, who had been trembling in Stiles’ arms over the course of the argument, suddenly took a step forward and out of them, opened the door, and leaped out of the closet before Stiles could stop him.





Stiles rushed after him and watched in astonishment as Scott began hitting at every inch he could of one of the Jedi who was standing over a now-unconscious Melissa.





“Don’t hurt her!” Scott yelled, his face still streaming with tears.





The man turned in surprise, grunting with sudden pain as Scott kicked him in the knee. A woman who had Melissa’s blaster in her hand dropped it lightly onto a table.





The man who Scott was attacking suddenly swept him into his arms. Scott kept kicking and hitting even as the man and his companions turned toward the front door.





In that moment, Stiles came out of whatever shock he was in and ran forward, chasing after the man and screaming in protest. He nearly caught up with them, reaching a hand forward to try and grab Scott out of the Jedi’s arms, when he felt his body freeze in motion.





The other Jedi all ignored him, except for the woman who had taken Melissa’s blaster. She knelt down in front of Stiles, who stood unmoving even as the Jedi took Scott further and further from his home.





The woman waved a hand, and Stiles could move his body again. He made to run past her, but she looked him in the eyes and very calmly told him to stay where he was.





Stiles stayed there for hours and hours, long after the Jedi were out of sight and the sounds of Scott’s screams were no longer audible. He stayed there until Melissa ran out of the house, a large bruise and the most angry, anguished expression that Stiles would ever see on her face. Helpless, he could do nothing but watch as Scott got taken away.



 

 


Scott comes back to consciousness with the most splitting headache he’s ever had in his life, and with the dawning realization that he’s locked in a cell.


He groans from the pain, bringing hands to his face to try and block what little light is present in the cell. Memories begin to come back to him slowly, and he eventually gets to how he got here– sending Stiles away to escape, trying to fight the Imperial guards but knowing that he was too outnumbered to do so.

It takes the smallest of movements on his part for Scott to realize that something besides his head is injured.
contact with him as she continued to walk. “You thought- it was a stupid thought, but you thought that the vampire kid was an actual threat. And if he had been, you pushing me out of the way would’ve saved me. So thanks for having my back.”

Before Hale had the chance to do more than swell with pride, Paige added, “In your own stupid way at least.” She bolted to the right and up the stairs to Ravenclaw Tower, leaving Hale to smile at her departing figure. 

“Kira!” Paige called. Paige hurried to catch up with her as she exited her father’s classroom with some fellow fifth years. Kira turned and paled a bit upon seeing Paige.

“Stiles and I had nothing to do with the flood on the second floor last night,” she said quickly. “And even if we did, it was really the Bloody Baron’s fault, he interrupted us while we were doing some perfectly harmless experiments, and-”

Paige came to a halt in front of Kira and gave her a bemused look. “What are you talking about?”

“Nothing!” Kira squeaked. “What are you talking about?” 

“Will you tell Scott and Stiles and Lydia that we need to have a meeting tomorrow?”

“Oh,” Kira said, smiling. “Yeah, no problem!”

Kira turned and ran to catch up with her friends. Paige looked after her, wondering if she dared to look in on the second floor or not. 

The next day everyone was in the Charms classroom on time except for- what a surprise, Paige thought- Hale. The others didn’t seem to mind waiting on him. Allison and Braeden were quizzing each other on Care of Magical Creatures while Lydia was reading a book written in a language Paige didn’t even recognize. Kira and Stiles were whispering to each other over handwritten notes that looked suspiciously as if they might detail a plumbing prank. Scott was holding Kira’s free hand, sweetly pretending he couldn’t hear whatever they were planning.

If Paige had started off on the wrong foot with this year’s new prefects, she felt that she had at least fixed it well. They now tolerated her insistence on bi-monthly meetings and properly filled-out paperwork. In exchange, she no longer called them by their surnames and she gave them some leeway in subtle (or not-so-subtle, as she suspected the case may be) rule-breaking.

Paige opened her mouth and was about to begin the meeting when Hale skidded into the room, a Quaffle still tucked under his arm from the Gryffindor practice session. Paige narrowed her eyes at the offending ball. He shrugged, not even pretending to be repentant as he joined her at the front of the room.

“Okay,” Paige said. “The Yule Ball is coming up in a few weeks. We have a lot of planning to do. First, I think we should host a few workshops that are mandatory for anyone who wants to go.” The room promptly groaned. Even Danny and Vernon tossed balled-up scrap parchment in Paige’s direction. The traitors.

“It’s important! At least two, okay, one for alcohol safety and one for safe sex. Now I’ve drawn up a few outlines for how these should be organized…”

Half an hour later, Paige felt pretty proud of her work, but no one else looked very impressed.

“Oh, whatever,” Paige snapped, rolling the parchment back up and tucking it in her bag. “You’ll all be thanking me when you don’t have any second years vomiting on your shoes. Any questions?”

“I have a question,” Stiles said promptly, raising his hand and leaning forward. “Is any part of this dance actually going to be fun?”

“Of course it will,” Paige said. “We’ll take duty shifts through the night. You can wear whatever you want and dance, you just can’t drink. Obviously.” Ignoring Stiles’ dramatic head roll of dismay, Paige concluded, “All right, I’ll see you all next week at the alcohol workshop.”

As the Prefects slowly filed out of the room, Hale dropped into a seat and propped his feet up on the nearest desk, tossing his Quaffle unconsciously.

“So,” he said. “Yule Ball.” Paige pretended to ignore him, packing the last of her things into her bag and then tossing it over her shoulder.

“Want to go with me?” Hale asked, and Paige turned to look at him from where she had been poised to leave the room. She stared at him, and he looked back, casual as ever, his near-constant little smirk still firmly in place.

“What?” Paige asked.

Hale stood, setting the Quaffle on the desk and walking closer to her. His relatively small frame belied how athletic Paige knew he was, from years of pretending not to watch him play Quidditch.

“Do. You,” he said, teasing, “Want. To go with me.”

“Well, but-” Paige floundered
. The terror that flooded his eyes every time werewolves came up, the tension of his body every day before the full moon, the disgust with which he called them “those things,” all proved that Josh was about as much of a werewolf as Sally was. He hated them, feared them, and was even a little obsessed with them. But he couldn’t be one of them.

For all that Sally was always tempted to tail Josh and see where he hid out on full moons, she could never bring herself to do it. Terrifying and humiliating him were the only things that would come out of tracking him down to find him locked up somewhere, where he would no doubt be at his most paranoid and defenseless. So Sally did what felt right, let him lick his wounds in private, and made sure that werewolves in the area were perfectly clear on the whole “stay the hell away” thing.

Sally finally managed to heave the stake out of the body. Her hand and wrist were now covered in the same blood that coated the weapon. She grimaced down at her ruined pajamas and the heavy body that she now had to dispose of.

“You know, you could’ve waited until after midterms to rampage,” she muttered. 

----------

The high school basement was ugly. And creepy. Generally unsanitary. Probably not structurally--


Nope. Not going there.


Josh hit the last step and started shrugging out of his sweatshirt. Despite how well-practiced he was in this, he still always felt self-conscious about stripping down to nothing just a few yards below where he took Pre-Cal every day.

The cage was probably originally meant for storage. It was definitely big enough to hold several dozen stacked desks, and the lock and bars were secure enough to defend against bored summertime pranksters. But since the renovation of the school’s main levels a few years ago, nobody thought to use the dingy old space for much of anything. In fact, since three years ago, when Josh stole the keys to the basement and its cages from the head custodian, no one had even noticed that they were gone.

Josh pulled off his shirt while kicking off his shoes and socks, then folded and stacked everything just outside of the cage door. He took a quick breath and pulled his jeans and underwear down together, piling them on top of the other clothes. Finally, the Star of David that usually hung around his neck was tugged over his head and tucked inside a pocket just before Josh walked into the cage and closed the door behind him. 

As he reached through the bars with his ringkey-- the gap was thick enough for human arms but way too thin for the wolf’s paws or snout-- and started locking the many padlocks that were built into or added onto the door, Josh wished that Sally could be there with him.

It wasn’t the first time this fantasy had occurred to him, and as always, it was immediately followed by a surge of guilt. Yeah, Josh, wouldn’t it be just great if Sally the Slayer could be here to watch you turn into a monster? Then maybe you could kill or maim or turn her, or even better, maybe she could finally just--


Nope. Not going there.


Josh finished tugging at the locks to make sure they were secure, dropped the keyring on top of his clothes pile, and pulled his arms back into the cage. He straightened up and sighed. 

When he was twelve, when he was first turned and still pretty clueless about what was happening to him, the changes were always about the pain. It was excruciating. The muscles that ripped apart and reformed below his skin and the bones that broke and crunched within his body wracked him. He would sob and scream with it. But as he got older, the pain became less noticeable compared to the fear of what he would do and what he had done. Waking up and not knowing where he was, or what time it was, or what had happened, that became more of a nightmare than the physical torture had ever been.

And now? Now that he was seventeen, a senior in high school, and a werewolf who had taught himself, almost to perfection, how to hide his wolf and protect his potential victims? The changes weren’t about him at all. They were all about Sally.

He had met her in their first year of high school. He had been living as a werewolf for two years, managing by a series of miracles not to hurt anyone in the process. He didn’t have any friends, through a combination of his social incompetencies and his terror of anyone finding out his secret. His parents and sister didn’t suspect anything, missing Josh’s odd behaviors due to their preoccupation with Josh’s mom’s recent breakdown.

He had been eating lunch on the first day of school, sitting on an isolated side of one of the cafeteria tables, when a girl plopped herself and her tray down in front of him. Josh gaped at her. She wore a deep purple dress and gold earrings that matched a
. Mostly he just tells kids that they can get a free lanyard and water bottle if they do a couple hundred push-ups. He’s primarily stationed at a table in the school cafeteria during the lunch periods.

Occasionally he’ll see Scott pass by, probably on his way to the teacher’s lounge or something. He always tries and fails to look away before Scott can make eye contact with him. Scott, used to their usual interactions by now, will quirk an amused smile in his direction and wave. Boyd will nod and busy himself with straightening the fliers in front of him.

Today there are two senior girls competing with each other to try to beat the push-up record. It’s very clearly not for Boyd’s benefit or for the sake of the lanyard/water bottle combination prize. They keep looking up and into one another’s eyes, both sets of which are gleaming with competition and something else that Boyd probably doesn’t want to think about. At one point he coughs uncomfortably as a reminder of the fact that he’s there, and one of them glances up at him.

“I’m Catherine by the way,” she says casually. Then a wicked grin overtakes her face. She nods at her—competitor? Friend? “That’s Sammi. She’d tell you herself but it’s pretty hard for her to talk while she’s doing this. Doesn’t have the natural talent for it, needs to save her breath… you know.”

On cue, Sammi looks up and glowers. “Shut up, Kitty.”

Catherine flushes but looks pleased with herself for having gotten Sammi’s attention. Boyd finds himself thinking longingly of third wheeling with Alicia and Liam, during which at least everyone knows where they stand. 

“Hey Mr. McCall!” Catherine calls out, looking over Boyd’s shoulder. “I’m about to beat Sammi for the record.”

Boyd only has a moment to process this before he feels Scott walk from behind him to his left side. He glances over and finds Scott already smiling at him, the bright sincerity of his expression disconcertingly close.

“I don’t know, Catherine, Sammi looks like she’s giving you a run for your money,” Scott says. He doesn’t look away from Boyd. “Hey.”

Boyd opens his mouth, trying to force himself to get something out—anything, just a simple hi, this shouldn’t be so difficult—when a shrill bell rings directly over his head. Catherine and Sammi groan and push themselves to stand, collecting their backpacks quickly.

“We have class,” Catherine explains. “But we won, right?”

Boyd nods quickly, tearing his eyes away from Scott to offer them their prizes. Catherine takes both lanyards, and Sammi looks like she’s about to complain.

But then Catherine places one of them over Sammi’s head for her. She reaches around Sammi’s neck to sweep her long black hair out from under it. “Not bad, Sammi," she murmurs. "You almost beat me that time.”

Sammi blinks slowly for a few moments before she seems to come back to the present. Her dark skin doesn’t flush the same color as Catherine’s did, but she looks vaguely embarrassed.

“Shut up, Kitty,” she finally mutters, but reaches for the other girl’s wrist and gently tugs her away.

Boyd glances at Scott, who has a bemused but fond expression on his face.

“Some days I feel like I’m submerged in, like, an ocean of teenage hormones,” Scott says quietly. Boyd can’t suppress a snort at that.

Scott grins and then lifts several Subway bags into Boyd’s view. “I brought lunch.”

Boyd blinks in surprise. Before he can (try to) say anything, Scott is talking again.

“I noticed that you always have your shifts during the lunch periods, which makes sense, but then I wondered how you eat lunch? Or when you eat it?” Scott looks inexplicably and rather overly concerned. “And I happened to talk to Isaac about it and he said that you guys have to wake up really early to do other work things in the mornings, so you might not get to eat lunch until super late. And he also said that sometimes he thought you skipped lunch, which is super bad to be honest, you should never skip a meal.” Scott’s brows are furrowed and he’s frowning. If Boyd wasn’t squirming under the feeling of Scott’s disappointment, he’d be scoffing at the notion of Scott adopting a chastising tone. “But anyway, I brought some lunch so you could eat.”

“Well… thanks,” Boyd finds himself saying, and before he can register the fact that he finally managed to speak again, Scott’s beaming and emptying the bags on Boyd’s table.

“I wasn’t sure what you like,” Scott says, laying five sandwiches side by side, “So I got a veggie, a turkey,
this is the tightest match we’ve seen in years!”

Malia finds herself glancing up to Kira. She’s still circling the pitch, a fair distance from where the Gryffindor Seeker is doing the same. Kira seems to feel Malia’s gaze and looks down at her. Malia gives her a short nod, but Kira beams in response and slows her broom marginally.

Liam must notice, because he laughs and chides, “Save it for the after party, Tate.” Malia feels her face heat up again and is grateful that they’re out of Kira’s earshot. Before she can muster up a response, though, she sees something moving fast at Kira.

In that moment, Stiles starts shouting in excitement over the Gryffindor Seeker taking a sudden dive for the Snitch, and Malia registers the faint whistle of the Bludgers, one of which is flying at Liam, and one of which…

Malia doesn’t think about what she’s doing. She flattens to her broom, shoots toward Kira, bodily shoves her out of the way, and blocks the Bludger that was a meter from colliding with the back of Kira’s head.

Malia swings so hard at the ball that she imagines she can hear her bat crack under the pressure. The Bludger is sent flying backwards, and over the adrenaline-riddled blood that’s pounding in Malia’s veins, she can hear Stiles roaring, “That’s it, that’s the game! Gryffindor takes the Snitch and wins 240 to 90!”

“Malia?”

This comes from a much different, and much closer voice. Malia stares down in disbelief at the rest of the players below her, and turns unthinkingly to where Kira is staring at her with wide eyes and a slack jaw.

“I—”

“What the hell was that?” Braeden calls, looking like she’s torn between victory-fueled euphoria and incandescent rage. Malia shrugs helplessly. If she had had enough time to process what just happened, she would have hoped that her own actions would get lost among the furor surrounding the Snitch. Clearly that won’t be the case.

“Some dissent among the Gryffindor ranks as the Captain scolds Beater Malia Tate for an unprecedented move in the history of Hogwarts Quidditch,” Stiles crows. “For those of you who missed it, Tate just defended Hufflepuff’s Kira Yukimura from a Bludger, choosing a member of the opposing team over her own Keeper.”

Malia winces as Stiles’ words start to register among the spectators. The Hufflepuff crowd looks shocked, where the Gryffindor supporters seem to be debating how angry they should get, given that they still won the game.

Stiles’ words make Malia glance at Liam, who thankfully seems to have dodged his own Bludger. He waves her off easily.

“Let this be a lesson to us all in inter-House cooperation,” Stiles says in a mock-professor tone. He shoots a mischievous look in Malia’s direction. “Or in how to—”

Thankfully, Deaton chooses this moment to cut Stiles off, firmly taking the wand from his throat and shooing him off of the announcer’s platform.

Malia can feel Kira’s gaze, but can’t bring herself to return it. She flies to the ground quickly, ignoring everything that’s going on around her. The sound of the other players landing, clapping each other on the back in celebration or commiseration, and the background noise made by all of the spectators leaving their seats and talking loudly barely register to Malia. She’s only concerned with getting away.

“Malia, wait!” Kira calls, but Malia is already trudging to the Gryffindor locker room.

She ignores the odd looks that the rest of the team gives her, and the sympathetic shoulder pat from Allison as well. She just wants to shower and get out of here before—

“Tate. A word?”

Malia follows Braeden to the other side of the room, resigned at this point to Braeden’s understandable fury. The rest of the team diligently pretend not to be listening. Braeden sighs and shoves her hands in her pockets.

“I’m not going to lecture you.” Malia looks up from where she’d been staring at Braeden’s shoes. “You’re one of the best Beaters we’ve ever had, never mind that we won the game anyway.”

“I thought you were going to be angry.”

Braeden shrugs. “I was. You know Dunbar is shit at dodging Bludgers. Or he used to be, I guess.”

Out of the corner of her eye, Malia sees Liam straighten up with pride.

“The point is, I was angry for a minute.” Braeden gives Malia a thoughtful look. “Then I was impressed. It took talent and guts to look after Yukimura like that.” Malia feels herself start to smile. “Don’t let it go to your head.”

Braeden claps her shoulder and walks past her to the showers. While it makes Malia feel a bit better, the nervous pit in her stomach hasn’t fully abated. She isn’t sure what’s going to happen
look of concentration on his face, is the guy who must have gotten Sally’s attention. He’s completely her type, too, with the soft Bambi eyes and expressive, quirking lips.

“And a beanie, Sally, really?” Aidan can’t help but raise an eyebrow and glance back at her. She huffs.

“He’s a sensitive soul, and that’s not the point. Look behind him.”

Aidan follows her instructions and finally notices the entrance to the kitchen, behind and to the left of Beanie Guy. Sure enough, there’s Nora Sergeant, her hair pulled back in a loose ponytail and her mouth turned down in a frown as she pulls a tray of pastries out of an oven.

Sally has turned in her seat to follow Aidan’s gaze. “She’s like the worst cook in the world, but she needs the extra cash because she’s saving for a trip to Maui after graduation.”

Aidan tears his eyes away from the vision of Nora currently wiping sweat from the back of her neck. “Wait a minute, how do you know all this?”

Sally gives him an innocent look. “I didn’t tell you? She’s bi too, we’re in Spectrum together.” Suddenly her eyes go hazy like they used to whenever she talked about Zoe’s hilarious dry humor or what Zoe thought of the movie they saw last night. “And sometimes Josh comes to the meetings and he brings these adorable little cupcakes that he bakes that are little asexual flags because he just recently came out. He’s always talking about how he's realized that all he wants from a romantic partner is cuddling and hand-holding. And I just sit there trying not to scream the whole time because I want to cuddle him and hold his hand, me, right here, I volunteer as tribute.”

At this, Aidan can no longer contain himself and snorts loudly. Sally slaps his arm. 

“Aidan, you’ve got to help me, please be my wingman.” With this she clasps her hands together and widens her eyes.

Aidan runs a hand down his face and sighs. “What do you need me to do?”

Sally does a little dance in her seat. “Okay, go over there and talk me up. Just be like-" Sally puts on a terrible impersonation of Aidan's voice- "‘Man, my BFF Sally is the shit, like she’s so smart and funny.’ And drop in there that my favorite band is One Direction and that I definitely didn’t steal his iPod to find out what his favorite band is. And also that I think it’s really cute that even though he dresses like a hipster he’s not like one of those vaguely misogynistic hipster dudes who pretends to hate One Direction. Got it?”

Aidan pulls himself out of his seat. “You owe me.”

“I know, I know.” She watches him stand, grinning brightly, and claps her hands a little bit. “Th-ank you, Ai-dan.”

Aidan snorts again and makes his way to the front of the store. It’s cleared out a little bit now that the 10:30 crowd has left for their classes, and Josh is wetting a towel to wipe the counter off. He looks up once Aidan comes to an awkward stop in front of him. 

“Hey. What can I get for you?”

Aidan glances behind him at Sally, still sitting at their table. She’s openly staring at them, and shoos his gaze away quickly with a few waves of her hands. Aidan sighs and turns back.

“Hey, man. Do you know my friend Sally? Sitting back there?”

Josh looks over Aidan’s shoulder for a second. “Yeah, Nora’s friend from Spectrum.”

“Yeah,” Aidan says. A long, uncomfortable pause ensues. This is ridiculous. Trying to convince himself that he isn’t in a bad teenage rom-com clearly isn’t working. Might as well lean into it. “Listen, Josh. Sally... likes you. She likes that you bake cute cupcakes and that you like One Direction and she wants to cuddle with you and hold your hand and the whole works. But she’s got kind of low self-esteem and thinks that she needs me to wingman for her and talk her up. Which I’m pretty terrible at doing, and if you don’t already know how great she is then you probably don’t deserve to date her. No offense. So. There it is.”

Josh is wide-eyed. The towel he’s clutching has started to drip a large puddle of soapy water onto the counter. He’s staring at Sally over Aidan’s shoulder.

“Are you kidding?” Josh finally asks, tearing his gaze away from her and back to Aidan. Aidan feels his stomach drop. It had been a gamble to do it this way, and if he’s just been single handedly responsible for ruining Sally’s chances with this guy
at any minute.

“Do you think the lighting’s okay?” Scott asks absently as he continues to fiddle.

“It’s fine, Scott,” Noshiko assures. She and Ken are sitting on one side of Melissa.

At that moment, the call goes through and Kira drops the diapers and bottle onto the kitchen counter, rushing back into the living room to see everyone on the screen. Stiles, Malia, and Liam are all crammed onto Stiles’ couch, and hovering behind them are Derek and Braeden.

(Lydia is traveling abroad at the moment and can’t be reached by phone. She’s already sent them an exorbitantly expensive first edition of The Little Mermaid with an accompanying note: “Yes, I know this won’t be age or reading-level appropriate for several years. No, I don’t care. Hugs and kisses from Auntie Lydia.”)

As soon as the video comes through, Stiles yelps.

“Finally! Scotty, you know I miss your beautiful face, but where is she?”

Melissa laughs and scoots into the frame, bringing Allison with her. Scott lifts the laptop to bring it closer, hovering over them so that Allison’s face comes into view.

The next few moments are chaotic. Everyone’s voices come through the laptop in a cacophony.

“Oh, she’s beautiful!”

“Move the screen down a little-”

“How was the delivery?”

“Look at that precious little face.”

This last comment comes from Derek, and causes everyone on both sides of the call to fall silent and stare at him in incredulity.

“What?” he snaps.

“Um,” Scott says, trying to balance the laptop at the perfect angle. “The delivery was- Kira?” He looks to her for help.

“It was fine,” she says, grinning and shuffling over to wave a hand in front of the frame. “You were right, Braeden, that doctor really has seen it all. She didn’t blink an eye when Scott panicked and started shifting.”

Scott turns the laptop towards himself to make a faux-indignant face.

Malia chimes in at that. “So can you tell what she is yet?”

“No,” Scott says easily. “We’re not too worried about it.”

Half an hour later, Allison has finally had enough of the loud talking and begins to wail. Kira says her goodbyes, blowing a kiss at the screen that Liam jokingly catches. Then she scoops Allison up from Melissa’s arms and takes her to the back.

Kira leaves the bedroom light off and closes the door behind her, bouncing Allison lightly and making occasional hushing noises as Allison continues to cry. When she finally peters off and begins to fall asleep against Kira’s shoulder, Scott silently enters and whispers, “My mom fell asleep on the couch, she’s still jetlagged. Your parents went back to their place.” Kira nods and smiles, continuing her slight bouncing motion as she slowly lies down on the bed and rests Allison on her stomach. 

The first few months are exhausting. Kira knew that they would be, but knowing it intellectually and experiencing it are two completely different things.

They get better at this whole parenting thing as time goes on, but that doesn’t change the fact that Kira is so sleep-deprived she’ll sometimes find herself nodding off while standing up, or that Scott’s sensitive hearing is so affected by Allison’s crying he’s taken to wearing earmuffs around the house.

It’s worth it, though. It’s worth it when Allison makes her first smile, grinning up at them through her mobile. It’s worth it when Kira rocks her to sleep. It’s worth it when Scott puts Stiles on speakerphone and Allison listens to him ramble on about anything and everything, wide-eyed and enraptured by the ceaseless sound of his voice.

On a Thursday afternoon Kira gets home from work, feeling tired but happy with the amount of writing she got done today. Scott’s asleep on the couch and cradling Allison, who’s wide awake and listening to the sound of Stiles’ voice, echoing slightly through the phone’s speaker.

“And that’s how, once again, your Uncle Stiles saved the day.”

Kira smiles, dropping her bag onto the living room floor.

“Well, Ally, I haven’t heard you or Scott in a while, so I’m thinking you’re both asleep and I should probably hang up. But, uh. I love you, kiddo.”

A click is heard. Allison promptly begins crying. 

“Oh honey, we really need to buy some books on tape, huh?” Kira murmurs, lifting Allison out of Scott’s arms before he’s woken up properly. “It’s okay, I’ve got her.” 

Allison is finally asleep a few hours later. Kira lays her down in the crib and switches on the night light. She wanders back into the living room, where Scott is still collapsed on the couch. Kira lifts his head and sits down,