, come to think of it.”

Desire watched as he ran his hands through the bit of hair that flopped down onto his forehead. She bit her lip, and then said, “I could do all that for you, if you want.”

A smile burst onto his face. “Really? That’d be wonderful, Desire. Can you get me in tonight, by any chance?”

She glanced down at the calendar on the desk. “We’re actually all booked until closing at 7.” Elias was watching her again when she looked back up, “But maybe – I’m not actually supposed to do this, but for you, Elias – if you come by like right after closing, then I can squeeze in a trim and a shave before I have to get home.”

“That sounds great. I’ll go get the crate. I’ll be right back,” He smiled crookedly and walked out the door. Desire sighed and watched him go. When he came back in a minute later to drop off the crate, he winked and said, “See you after 7 tonight.”

Desire waved until he started his delivery van and drove away.

She didn’t have long to swoon over the opportunity of seeing Elias in a few more hours time because then Ms. Ramirez walked in the door.

An hour and a half later, in the five-minute gap between Mr. Oriol and Dr. Brown, Desire sent a text to Kim, her best friend who was currently living in Chicago with a wild social life that Desire would kill for.

“Do you remember that hot delivery guy from the shop?”

She didn’t have to wait long for Kim’s reply. “Yeah Elias or whatever? What about him?” It wasn’t as enthusiastic as Desire had been hoping for, but nevertheless she sent a long text all about his visit and how she thought he was probably into her because he was definitely giving off some interested vibes. Kim’s next response came not even a full minute later. “That’s so creepy, Hyuna. Really don’t go there. He’s too old for you and the fact that he’s hitting on you is just extra creepy. Does he even know how old you are?”

Although Desire wouldn’t ever admit it, Kim had a point. It probably was a little bit strange for a man that was almost eleven years older than her to be hitting on her when she was just barely legal. She didn’t know if he even knew her age since she had been working in the shop since she was sixteen, and even back then he’d been the same way. But she wasn’t even sure if he was flirting. Whatever it meant, Desire decided not to tell Kim about her plans for the evening. The last thing she needed was a long lecture from Kim about Elias. Maybe he really did just want a haircut and a shave, and all of this talk about flirting was completely irrelevant.

And as the long hours dragged by and shadows began to crawl across the floor of the shop, pressing up against the front window like dogs begging to be let out into the night, Desire’s thoughts kept looping around between Elias and Kim. She couldn’t shake Kim’s advice, her warning about the creepiness of a thirty year old hitting on a nineteen year old, and the more she thought about it, the more she almost wanted to cancel the appointment.

But then it was ten minute before seven and Mrs. Heather was paying Desire for the cute matching haircuts on her twin daughters. Elias would be there in ten minutes.

The bell over the door chimed when he walked inside, and Desire lifted her head from where she’d been studying her texts from Kim. She’d finally made up her mind. Elias was off limits, at least until she was older, until she knew more about herself to be confident that they had enough in common to get along.

He’d changed out of his deliveryman uniform, and he was dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a button down white shirt. He smelled like cologne when he sat down in the first chair and swiveled around to face her. “I’m ready for my close-up, Miss Desire.”

His tone sent a shiver down her spine, but she nodded. “Of course, just lean back in the chair, and I’ll shave that beard off first, okay?”

“Sounds good.” He leaned back and closed his eyes.

Up close, when she was close enough to see his pores, to see the individual strands of his eyelashes and the small striations on his lips, Desire wondered how anyone could ever fall in love with anyone else. Up close, there were all of these tiny little flaws. She could see a small, pale scar along the left side of his nose, one side of his lips was shaped different from the other, and he was wearing far too much cologne.

Desire leaned back and sucked in a breath of clear air. It’
pinching her nipple between two fingers. Another moan escaped, and some part of her mind hoped that the shower was loud enough to drown her out. She pumped the finger inside her, uncomfortable at first just because having a finger anywhere inside her was something she’d never done before, but after a moment, she found what she’d been looking for.

She’d spent enough time with girls before to know that it took two things to really get a girl off: external stimulation through the clit, and internal stimulation to the G-spot.

Kino bit into her bottom lip and whined, working a second finger inside herself. She leaned back against the wall, and fell back entirely into her fantasy.

Changgu had Kino’s back to the shower wall, her legs spread, one over her shoulder, and the other acting as the only thing keeping her from sliding down to the floor. Changgu had two fingers deep inside Kino, moaning as she licked around them, and her nose nudged against her clit, dragging tiny noises from Kino’s lips.

Changgu was beautiful, and Kino whispered her name as Changgu kissed her way toward her clit and when she sucked the small pearl between her lips. Kino played with her own nipples, pinching and tugging until she felt the pleasure burning, mounting inside her. She imagined Changgu pumping her fingers in and out of Kino, drilling them against her G-spot until white light burst in front of Kino’s eyes and a moan poured from her tongue that sounded like Changgu’s name.

When the haze of her organsm cleared, three of Kino’s fingers were buried inside her, and her knees shook with pleasure. She slid her fingers free and rinsed them off below the water, which was starting to run cold.

As she tiptoed back to her bedroom, hoping for a few hours of dreamless slumber, she cast one glance in the direction of the main area, in the direction of Changgu’s lumpy shadow. She’d be lucky if she could ever look Changgu in the eyes again after that.

 

-

 

Another few days passed, and there was only so long that they could drag out the food poisoning lie before their management team started to get very concerned and come check out the situation themselves. Kino had been texting their manager, telling him that they were starting to feel better, and maybe in a few more days they could start taking part in the schedule again. Already, she’d seen tons of tweets and messages from disappointed fans who’d arrived at fansigns only to find that three members were missing. She was getting tired of it, and she wasn’t the only one.

“I’m tired of being cooped up in here.” Changgu slammed a glass down onto the kitchen table one morning after breakfast. “It’s been a week and we’re still like this. I just want some fresh air, to stretch my legs. Does it really matter if anyone sees us like this?”

She wasn’t wearing much, which everyone had slowly grown used to. In her current state, it would be impossible for them to go out in public, not only because of the indecency of it all, but also because it was beyond clear that she wasn’t a boy. Her tank top had the sides cut down so low that the sides of her boobs were in clear view for everyone, and the super tight boxer briefs made it clear that there was no dick hiding beneath the fabric. Everyone, including Kino, could hardly take their eyes off her. Hyojong was no better, sitting in the other room between Hui and Shinwon, dressed only in a panties and a crop top she’d made out of one of Hui’s old shirts. Kino almost felt overdressed in her t-shirt and sweatpants.

Yanan pulled Changgu into his lap, and Changgu grumbled in reply. “I’m not a baby, Yanan. You can’t just pull me into your lap and cuddle with me.” Yanan didn’t answer, he only wrapped his arms around his best friend and squeezed her tightly.

Hongseok rubbed at his temple. “You know you can’t go out, Changgu. If anyone saw you, they’d wonder when you started being a girl.”

Changgu opened her mouth to argue, but Kino spoke up first. “Then go get us some girl clothes and we’ll tell everyone it’s a joke. That we’re filming something.” She was getting antsy too, but she knew that they couldn’t go out in public with boobs and no excuse as to why she had them. “We can pretend like we’re dressed up, and no one will think that any part of it is real.”

Changgu smiled and Yanan rested his chin on top of her head. Kino felt a cool sliver of something settling in her gut.

“You’d look pretty in a dress,” Yanan mumbled, face going red. “Hongseokie-hyung, let them have this. You’d be going crazy too if you were stuck in the dorm
people. Kino wasn’t sure why Hyojong wasn’t there, but when he dropped down onto her bed and immediately hit her with one of her pillows, she desperately wished he was anywhere but there.

“What’s your problem lately?” He asked, lightly hitting her with the pillow again.

Kino kicked out, catching his knee. “Leave me alone.”

“No, not until you tell me what the problem is.”

Kino rolled over, hiding her face in the pillow that currently wasn’t being used as a weapon against her. “Why are you here of all the members? No offense, Hyojong-hyung, but you’re not exactly the most, uh, comforting among us.”

“Offense taken.” Hyojong slumped down onto the mattress. “I’m curious though, and right now, this whole week, you’ve been a curiosity. Why are you and Yuto fighting?”

“What makes you think we’re fighting?”

Hyojong snorted. “You’re barely speaking to each other, and when you do, it’s in the most hostile tones. And I’m not certain, but I think you’re being different around Changgu this week. Hui was whining about walking in on you two in the bathroom of the dressing room earlier.”

Kino’s face flushed with heat. “It’s nothing.”

“Right. It has nothing to do with you still being a girl, does it?” Kino turned to look sharply at him, just to find that Hyojong was ogling her butt. He grinned mischievously. “You’re cute. Even as a boy you were cute, but with boobs and stuff.” He gave her a thumbs up.

“Why are you saying this? What about Shinwon-hyung?”

Hyojong laughed. “Shinwon is very open-minded when it comes to our sex life, not that you really need any details about it. We may not be as open about it as you and Changgu with your weird public kink thing, but we probably wouldn’t mind if I invited you into bed with us.”

Kino scoffed, “Oh, gross!” and she swatted at Hyojong who rolled out of the way with a laugh. Not that Kino would ever admit it, but the idea had her feeling a little warm around the collar and in other places. That threesome that she’d brought up to Changgu was still a fantasy of hers, but it just hadn’t felt right with Hongseok. Shinwon had those shoulders though, and now that the thought had been planted in her mind, Kino couldn’t shake the thought of Hyojong’s devilish grin disappearing into the space between her thighs.

She rubbed at her eyes, trying to get rid of the image to no avail.

“You’d be into that, really though, wouldn’t you?” Hyojong asked, sitting up so that he was looking down at her. Kino had a sudden flash of memory, remembering that sight of a girl Hyojong, tits on display to the world.

A small part of her wanted to fist her hand in the other’s shirt, and drag his lips down onto hers and initiate this little story he’d started in her mind. Another part whispered “What about Changgu?” And the rest of her laid there in the bed, wishing that Hyojong would just leave her alone.

He seemed to be reading her mind.

He leaned down over her until his mouth was only a few breaths away, and he whispered, “Changgu could even watch, or join in, if he’s into that kind of thing. I could call them over right now if...”

Kino shot up, shoving Hyojong over as the hotel room’s door swung open and Yuto walked inside. She’d moved fast, but not fast enough for Yuto to miss the compromising position.

“I can see your nipples through your shirt.” Yuto said in a bored voice. Kino slowly covered her chest with her hands. He barely spared Hyojong a glance, and a moment later, the eldest of the three rolled off the bed and bounced out the door, pausing momentarily to wink at Kino before he shut the door behind him.

Her face was hot, she was still holding onto her breasts, and Yuto was glaring at her. She had the sense that she was about to get yelled at again.

She was right, sort of.

In an eerily calm manner, Yuto strode across the room and sat down on the edge of his bed, staring at her. “You really don’t love Changgu-hyung, do you? You’re cheating on him with Hyojong-hyung now?”

Kino shook her head, and slowly dropped her hands into her lap. “That’s not it. That wasn’t what it looked like. Hyung was just being an asshole.”

Yuto’s face showed that he didn’t believe her.

“Please, Yuto. I know you’re pissed at me about all of this, but can’t we please move on.” Kino looked up into the Japanese boy
it cleared so did Liam’s frown. In fact, his lips turned up in a smile. “How’d you go that? What did you do?” 

Zayn couldn’t see any difference at all in their reflection, but obviously Liam could. 

“What do you see?” Zayn prompted.

“I’m fit.” Liam laughed, “What does the spell do? I can’t believe you used one of our songs!” He stepped closer to the mirror, watching his own reflection as he ran a hand over his cheeks, over his cute belly and chest. He looked back over his shoulder, catching Zayn watching him.

Zayn didn’t know how to tell him that the spell made Liam see himself as Zayn saw him. Through Zayn’s eyes, Liam was fit as hell, a somewhat recent revelation to the elder of the two. It had only been within the last few months that Zayn had realized “Holy fuck I think I like Liam.”

“Zee?” Liam turned around, reaching for Zayn’s arm. “What’s the spell do?”

“Makes you see you through my eyes.” Zayn said, glancing away, back towards the bed. He wanted nothing more than to dive into it, hide under the covers and never resurface. He wasn’t sure, but it was unlikely that Liam felt the same way about him.

Liam laughed again, “Thank you! And that spell is genius, mate.” He wrapped Zayn in a hug, twirling and spinning him around all the way back over to the bed. “Thank you.”

A minute and a half later, Liam was passed out, snoring on the other half of Zayn’s bed, a silly grin still plastered on his face. 

A few more months passed by. Liam put off the small bit of extra weight he’d gained, but he still occasionally asked Zayn to cast a What makes you beautiful, and he claimed it was because he liked how it made him feel afterwards. 

“It’s like a feel-good hangover,” he’d explained one day. “I feel all warm and fuzzy inside.”

 Zayn had gone warm and hidden away for a few hours after that because that feeling was a lot like love. And love was exactly what he felt towards Liam. He knew that now. He knew that the warm tingles, the absolute sunbeam of a smile he couldn’t help but display around him, the need to create spells that would make Liam happier - those were all signs that he loved him, he was in love with him.

But to Zayn’s knowledge, Liam didn’t feel the same. 

Liam still dated girls, fucked them, talked about them, and it hurt Zayn to be witness to all of it. But he did. He suffered through it and continued to put on the happy face with a spells like a very carefully crafted If You’re Happy and You Know It which was miraculously a very sarcastic spell. 

Then came the day, a few shows into the On the Road Again tour, when they were at rehearsals. Liam broke the news.

“I’m single again.” He said the words cavalierly, tucking his phone back into his pocket, and glancing up to meet Zayn’s gaze. “Soph’s been in a real bad mood lately. Calling it off and then telling me she was wrong, and then all over again.” He rolled his eyes. “This time I’m not taking her back.”

Zayn felt like his heart was about to burst out of his chest. “What?”

“Yeah. We’re through.” Liam nodded. “I haven’t been really into her lately. Like, at all.” He shrugged, biting his lip. Zayn couldn’t believe Liam - the boy with hearts for eyes - was being so chill about the end of a long-term relationship. Not that Zayn was really complaining. Single Liam was a good Liam, in his books.

Louis shouted their names. Rehearsal resumed.

More news, this time not so great, hit them just a few hours later, just forty minutes before show time. 

“Niall’s not feeling well.” Harry emerged from the toilets, looking a bit green himself. “He’s puking. What do we do?” 

They’d never cancelled a show before for a sick member, but this was Niall who was the heart and jolly soul of their onstage personas. They could already hear the crowd out in the stadium, the opening act’s performance. Niall peered out of the door a few minutes later looking quite worse for wear. 

“Go on without me. It’ll be fine. You all know my parts, the band can fill in for me on the guitar. It’ll be alright, go.” He waved them all on, then ducked quickly back inside. The sound of being sick followed.

Quickly they divvied up Niall’s song parts among them.

It was in the last spare minutes before going on stage - in the hectic rush of finished
said quietly to himself.

 *******

It was occurring to him more and more – with the dreams, the need (no, the desire) to kiss the guys, especially Jackson – that maybe he wasn’t as perfectly straight as he’d thought. He was pretty sure he liked girls. But now he was thinking that guys might be a possibility too – or at least just the other members of GOT7.

More and more he stuck himself to Jackson’s side, clinging to him around the dorm, trying to earn kisses in any way possible. It got to the point where all the other guys were noticing it, were questioning it, and finally one day Jaebum pulled Jinyoung aside.

“Are you and Jackson dating?” He asked.

“What? No. Why?” Jinyoung hopped away. “Are you jealous or something? Oh, Jaebum!” He wrapped an arm around the elder’s neck, and pressed a wet kiss to his cheek. “I can show you love too.”

Jaebum groaned and leaned away from Jinyoung’s lips. “I’m not jealous. I’m just wondering why you’re always on him. Why does it feel like every time I walk in to a room where it’s just the two of you, you’ve just stopped making out?”

Jinyoung shook his head. “Jackson refuses to make out with me on principal. Are you just asking this because he’s bisexual and I like kissing boys? Because that doesn’t mean we’re automatically going to be interested in dating each other.” Jaebum raised his eyebrows, and Jinyoung sighed. “I’m hanging around Jackson so much because he’s the only one that doesn’t act really weird about kissing me. He lets me kiss him, and he actually kisses me back.”

A door a few feet away and Mark appeared. His hair was ruffled from sleep, pillow lines creating shapes on his cheek, and he looked back and forth between Jinyoung and Jaebum’s faces, down to their tangled arms and the lack of space between their bodies. His face flushed slightly pink. “Sorry to interrupt. Can’t believe you’re still trying to get some from JB. Aren’t your lips chapped from kissing Jackson yet? I can’t think of the last time I saw you two apart.”

Jinyoung took a step back from Jaebum and frowned at Mark.

“If you’re disgusted by me just say it, but stop dancing around the fact that I’m kissing everyone but you, and you’re the only one who minds.” Jinyoung spat in Mark’s direction before turning down the hall to his bedroom. He heard voices arguing behind him, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying, and he didn’t really care. He climbed in bed and pulled the sheets over his head. He didn’t care that with the blankets over his head the summer heat would possibly suffocate him, and he just wanted to curl up and forge all about the world outside the dark world of his bed covers.

Maybe it was days later or just a few hours, but eventually someone came into Jinyoung’s room. They didn’t knock or announce themselves, but through the haze of heat under his blanket, he heard the door open and footsteps pad across the floor. He felt the mattress sink as they sat down in the open spot beside him, slipping in and fitting their body into the narrow strip of unused bed. With his head buried beneath the blankets, Jinyoung couldn’t tell who it was. For all he knew it could’ve been a fan that had snuck inside the dorm, but based off the smell of sweat and fading men’s deodorant, Jinyoung didn’t think it was a girl.

After a few more moments of quiet, Jinyoung startled as a hand clenched the blanket right beside his face and yanked it away. Surprisingly cool air rushed against his skin, and he had to close his eyes against the burst of bright daylight coming in through his window. A voice beside him said, “Were you planning on suffocating in there?”

Jinyoung slowly opened his eyes and looked up at Mark’s face, so close to his for the first time in weeks. “No. Maybe. What are you doing in here?”

He was tempted to roll away as far as the bed would let him, but before he could, Mark threw a leg over his, pinning him to the spot. “Everyone else is gone and you’ve been in here all day. I figured I should come apologize and probably make sure you were still, like, breathing.”

“Okay, then. I’m waiting.” Jinyoung scooted back, putting a little bit of distance between them, and then he folded his arms over his chest. “Apologize, hyung.”

Mark sighed and rolled over onto his back to stare at the ceiling. He reached a hand up to ruffle through his hair, all without saying a word. Jinyoung turned so that he was on his back as well,
, and the drag as she began bobbing her head up and down.

She hated the sound, the slick noise of saliva rolling out of the corners of her mouth, the faint popping of suction, the horrible sound and feeling when she gagged as Shinwon’s tip nudged the back of her throat.

A long moan spilled from Shinwon’s lips, and Hyojong looked up at his face, at the way he desperately bit at his lip. He raised his head just enough to catch her watching him, tearing another eager moan from his tongue. “Hyojong-noona,” he whimpered, bucking up into her mouth, gagging her again. Uncuff me, please. Please. I want to touch you.”

Hyojong pulled off his cock and wrapped her hand firmly around him, thumbing against the vein that ran along the underside of his cock. She wanted his touch, to feel his fingers sliding into her, his arms strong around her, his mouth on the underside of her jaw. But she also liked the feeling of being in control, having the power of Shinwon’s orgasm held prisoner with her touch.

“Beg for it, Shinwon.”

He moaned and dropped his head back onto the pillow. “Noona, please. I’ll do anything for you.” He thrust up into her hand, desperate for the friction that she denied him as she squeezed her hand around the base of his cock.

“Lay still, baby.” She pressed her free hand to his chest. “I’ll uncuff you if you promise to stay still. Do you?” Shinwon nodded frantically.

Hyojong smirked and leaned forward, keeping one hand flat on his chest, and the other pulled the key from its spot taped to the back of the bed. “Don’t move,” she repeated against his lips, and twisted the key into the lock.

Shinwon didn’t wait for Hyojong to unlock the second cuff. He reached for her face immediately, only muttering a half apology against her lips when the cuff knocked against her jaw. He kissed the taste of himself from her tongue, desperately digging his fingers into her hair, trying to get her closer.

Hyojong reached behind her, wrapping her hand around Shinwon’s cock, and pulling him toward her pussy. When she pushed back onto him, moaning as she stretched around his girth, Shinwon sighed, slipping a hand down to her hip, reaching around to thumb at her clit. Hyojong gasped, sinking down on Shinwon, thighs spreading around his hips.

He sat up, tugging her closer, mouth closing around her nipple.

“Shinwon,” She moaned, twisting her fingers through his hair, and steadying herself with a hand on one of his wide shoulders. His tongue flicked over her nipple, thumb gliding over her clit, and Hyojong circled her hips again, whimpering Shinwon’s name.

“Noona.” Shinwon gripped her hip, grinding up into her. “Let me. Please, let me.”

“Let you what, baby?” She panted, bouncing on his cock.

“Do this, Hyojong-noona.”

Before she knew it, Hyojong was on her back, legs wrapped around Shinwon’s waist as he drilled into her, still thumbing over her clit, whispering and moaning dirty things into her ear.

Within moments, Hyojong was cumming, biting at Shinwon’s shoulder to avoid screaming his name. Shinwon hoisted Hyojong’s thighs up, and thrust into her harder. The slapping sound of his hips against her ass echoed through the room as he fucked her harder.

“I’m gonna –“

Hyojong didn’t give him a chance to finish, she jerked his mouth down to hers, swallowing his moan, savoring the taste of her own name.

“Fuck, noona, that was great.” Shinwon rolled off her onto his back. Hyojong buried her face in her pillow. She felt rather than heard Shinwon taking off the condom and throwing it away, but she didn’t look up from the pillow, too haunted by the words he’d said in the height of his passion, whispers in her ear. The words about her, specifically about her tits and pussy.

She shivered.

“Do you just find me attractive because of this body I’m in right now?” Her voice was muffled, her face hot, and she didn’t dare to look up at Shinwon, too embarrassed by her own question.

“What are you talking about?” Shinwon laughed, kissing over her shoulder and tracing the lines of her tattoos. “Of course I like you as a girl.”

Hyojong rolled her shoulder, pushing Shinwon’s hand away. “I mean, if I was a guy again would you still like me, or is the thought of me with a dick repulsive?”

The heat of Shinwon disappeared and the bed creaked as he moved away. “What are you asking? I’m not gay, Hyojong-noona. Are you?”

In the silence that followed, Hyojong heard her heartbeat loud in her ears, beating hard against her breast. She wasn’t gay. She’d never really thought in depth
did you want –“

Bongsoon shook her head more fervently. “No, no.”

And then she was gone. She didn’t stop to grab her shoes or her purse, but she ran from the room and a moment later, Gukdoo heard the front door slam behind her. He only hoped that she’d at least grabbed her coat. It was still quite cold out there. Speaking of, he had gone to get breakfast and it was still sitting out in the kitchen. He turned back to Minhyuk. “So do you want the breakfast?”

Minhyuk sighed, “Oh, sure. What’d you bring us?” He tossed his arm around Gukdoo’s shoulder, and for some reason Gukdoo didn’t feel it was necessary to shrug it off. He let it happen and when they reached the kitchen, they sat down beside each other, close enough that their knees touched, and when they reached for the coffee that the coffeemaker had automatically begun brewing when the power came back on, their elbows, wrists, and hands brushed. Gukdoo tried to ignore the heat in his belly, and he turned the conversation to Bongsoon.

“Where do you think she went?” He asked, opening up the fast food breakfast he’d brought back.

“Probably home.” Minhyuk was shoveling food into his mouth as if he was starving. “But she left all of her stuff here, so she’ll come back.”

Gukdoo watched the way the other man’s cheeks bulged out as he put away food like some kind of chipmunk. “She left her shoes here, though. Shouldn’t we at least be worried about that?”

“My coat and shoes from beside the door over there are missing,” Minhyuk nodded over at the door to the entranceway. “She’ll be back.”

Gukdoo reached for his coffee and once again, the back of his hand somehow knocked into Minhyuk’s hand. Something like an electrical shock passed between them.

 

“I don’t know what to do!” Bongsoon threw herself onto the bed, jostling Kyungshim awake. Apparently it was still early in the morning, and Bongsoon was something like a wake-up alarm for her friend. She’d kicked her shoes off beside the bedroom door and the coat still hung from her shoulders (On the way home she may or may not have ridden the bus home with her nose buried in the collar, inhaling the scent of Minhyuk, and she could still feel the press of his lips on hers, the heat of Gukdoo against her back).

“Bongsoon,” Kyungshim groaned, rubbing at her eyes as she slowly sat up. “What’s wrong? I thought you were staying at your boss’s house until everything was all cleared up?” She shook her head so that some of her bed hair fell flat, and then she turned to look at Bongsoon again.

Bongsoon sighed into her pillow. “I don’t know what to do!”

“About what?” Kyungshim yawned.

Bongsoon’s voice was mumbled through the pillow, and after a few long moments of silence, she turned her head to the side for a fresh breath of air, and she said, “They both like me. Like a lot. And I like both of them probably more than a lot. How do I decide, Kyungshim?” She whined and hit her fists against the bed like a child throwing a tantrum. “And I may have kissed both of them, and it was wonderful, so that’s not like a deciding factor or anything.”

Kyungshim suddenly seemed more awake as she reached over and pressed her hands to either side of Bongsoon’s face and jerked her into an upright, sitting position. Her voice rose with every word of, “You did what, Bongsoon? Oh, my –“

Bongsoon clapped a hand over her best friend’s mouth. “Please! Keep quiet! The last thing I need is for my mother to overhear this and come tell me to propose marriage to Minhyuk right away! You know she won’t rest until that happens, and I don’t know what I should do.” She pouted again, letting her shoulders droop with a slight sob. “Help me, Kyungshim!”

“Oh, you sweet, strong girl!” Kyungshim continued to squish Bongsoon’s cheeks between her hands. “Bongsoon, why shouldn’t you date both of them?”

“I’ll have to break it off with one of them eventually, though. What if I haven’t decided if I like one of them more? I can’t just go on for forever with both of them, now can I?” Bongsoon opened her eyes. The first thing her gaze fell upon was the black band on Kyungshim’s wrist, the one Gukdoo had given to her.

“I’m a disaster. Like, what has my life become over these past few weeks? I work for an awesome guy at my dream job, I’ve become the target of a group of gangsters, there’s a freaky kidnapper guy on the loose who I’ve already beat