causing it to shatter into a million pieces. Harry took another glass, filled it with water and brought it up to Zayn’s lips. Zayn greedily drank it down. 

“Okay?” Harry asked, still worried. Zayn didn’t answer but instead rushed to the sink and started vomiting. Fuck, Harry thought. This was bad. Harry rubbed Zayn’s back, helping him through it. 

 Zayn didn’t stop vomiting even when he had already puked up his dinner. Harry became very worried when he saw blood mixing in with the vomit. 

“Shit shit shit,” he started cursing. 

 “What’s going on, Haz?” Niall asked, walking into the kitchen. He was popping in for a snack but that agenda was thrown to the back of his mind when he saw Zayn bent over the sink. “What’s wrong?” He asked. 

 “I gave him a taste of my potion and he might have been poisoned,” Harry explained, eyebrows furrowed as he started to recite a few spells in hopes of easing Zayn’s pain. It seemed to work as Zayn had stopped puking. However, the duo still fretted over him when they saw that Zayn looked rather pale. 

 “Let’s get you upstairs, babe,” Niall said, picking Zayn up while Harry tried to prepare some tea and other stuff that may help Zayn. 

 Harry later deduced that instead of being a healing potion, his new potion had messed with Zayn’s system and caused a lot of chemical and hormonal imbalances. One minute Zayn was bundled up because he was freezing, the next he was tearing of his clothes because he felt like he was on fire. 

At one point, Zayn was so hot that only Louis could touch him without getting his hands burned. It didn’t help that the potion somewhat messed up something inside of Zayn and made him release pheromones similar to that of an omega despite him being a half-vampire. Liam, being an alpha, took care of that part. Zayn also started to glow occasionally. Only Niall could deal with that, explaining that it was a spirit thing. 

 Harry was kinda preparing for when Zayn would show some wizard-like properties because that seemed to be the pattern he. He was surprised, however, when Zayn appeared to be normal the next day. 

 “You okay, Zee?” Harry asked, setting the bowl of soup he made onto the bedside table. He took a seat next to Zayn’s bundled up form on the bed. 

 Zayn nodded,“ Yeah, I feel alright.” 

 “Sorry, you know, for causing you to have a rough few days,” Harry apologised. 

 "It’s okay, babe,” Zayn said, patting his thigh. “I’m fine now.” 

 Harry gave him a weak grin. “I guess I’ll have to throw that potion recipe out the window, huh?” 

 Zayn shook his head, “No. That potion needs tweaking but I think that it can help. You saw how it gave me powers that were not my own. You could potentially make a groundbreaking potion!” 

 Harry was skeptical. “You think so?”

 Zayn nodded enthusiastically. “I know so.” 

 

 


4. Niall


 “Niall, are you sure about this?” Liam asked for the umpteenth time. Niall huffed and nodded. 

 “Yes, Li,” Niall said. “I’ll go for a walk with Zayn and come back her straight after.” 

 “No funny business, okay?” 

 “Sure, mate.” 

 Niall turned to Zayn who was getting himself bundled up by Harry. The vampire boyfriend looked over at him as if he was pleading for help. 

“That’s enough, Haz,” Niall said, stopping his wizard boyfriend. “We’re just walking through the park, not braving a blizzard. ” 

 Harry gave him a sheepish smile. “Sorry,” he took a few layers off of Zayn and left them.

 “Ready?” Niall asked Zayn. The half-vampire nodded. Once he got Zayn’s consent, Niall closed his eyes and muttered an incantation. When he reopened his eyes, Niall was looking through Zayn’s point of view. He was in control of Zayn’s body now. 

 Let’s walk, he thought. His– Zayn’s– hand opened the front door and he walked out. He started down a path, heading for the park. 

 Okay, Zayn?, he asked.

 Yeah, babe, Zayn answered. Just keep going. 

 Whenever Niall possessed Zayn, he would make sure to check in with Zayn from time to time to make sure that he was comfortable. If you feel something weird or whatever, tell me, okay?, Niall commanded him.

 Zayn gave him something equivalent to a nod. Niall paid attention to the scenery around him. He took in the pretty sights and sounds all around him. He could hear someone watering the plants, he could hear a dog barking. 

 Bet you would like that, Zee, he thought. 

 Yeah, do you think Liam would ever let me have a dog?, Zayn asked. 

 Nah, he likes to be the
t eat. They also stopped caring if Zayn came home.


Zayn cursed as he forgot his keys. He was in front of the house and he couldn’t get in. His keys were basically his ticket in, vampires needed permission to enter houses and keys were a form of permission. Zayn knocked on the door, waiting for one of his boyfriends to get the door. Hopefully, they weren’t still giving him the cold shoulder. 



The raven-haired lad waited and waited. No one was answering the door but he knew that they were home, he could hear them laughing inside. They were probably watching television and couldn’t hear him clearly. He knocked again, louder this time. 



He heard the laughter stop and he waited for the door to be opened. 



Nothing happened.



One minute passed. Two minutes. Ten minutes.



Zayn’s heart sank. They weren’t going to get the door any time soon. He slowly sat down on their doorstep, waiting. 



It wasn’t until morning that he was let in. Zayn made sure to never leave his keys again. 


They also stopped caring and being nice to Zayn.


“Guys, could you please like stop using garlic in food and maybe have a day in with me?” Zayn asked, timidly. He had stepped out of his room for lunch and overheard of the lads’ plans to go to the beach. They seemed to have made it a mission for all of them to go to places where the sun shone brightly. 



If Zayn was to follow, he would get sunburns and hurt himself.



Liam rolled his eyes at Zayn’s request. “We’ve already made plans,” he answered briskly. “We can’t just change our plans to accommodate you. You can come along if you want.”



Zayn frowned, “But I’ll burn up.” Louis scoffed. 



“Maybe you shouldn’t have been born a vampire then.” And Zayn had never hated himself more than during that moment.


Zayn didn’t understand what he did to make them exclude him out of a lot of things. He thought that they would understand why he did what he did and that they would be fine with it. But they weren’t. They barely talked to him. They barely brushed shoulders with him.

Maybe he could fix this. Maybe he could get them gifts to make up for his reasons.

When Zayn left one morning, his mind was set. He would be finding the perfect gifts for them. Liam wanted one of those fancy headphones that made his remixing hobby a bit easier, Louis wanted one of those branded jackets, Niall would want a new guitar pick because he kept losing his and Harry would like this pair of golden boots he had been keeping tabs on.

Zayn spent the entire day out. As a half-vampire, he could go out in the sun but he would get irritated if he went out for far too long. He needed to get home as soon as his errands were done.

Walking home, Zayn mentally prepared his apology speech. He clutched the plastic bags containing the gifts and prayed that the boys would accept them and that it would end whatever feud they were having. He was so lost in his thoughts that he didn’t notice a group of people sneaking up on him.

The first blow to his shoulder made him topple down. Luckily, before a stake could pierce his heart, Zayn managed to get back to his feet and out of the way. There were five people and two of them were holding stakes. This was a hate group. Ever since the Otherworld creatures revealed themselves, there were a couple of minor hate groups that existed. This was probably one of them.

Zayn snarled, letting his fangs drop. He aimed his glare at two of them who seemed more hesitant than the others. They retreated out of fear and now that left him with three.

A stake was jabbed at him again and he ducked before pulling it out of the attacker’s hands and throwing it away like a javelin. He punched the attacker in the stomach and he fell unconscious. The unarmed one came at him and Zayn defended himself against the punches. A sharp pain in his side made him cry out.

The other guy with the stake had managed to injure him. Luckily it wasn’t to his heart. Zayn punched the unarmed guy so that he could deal with the last one. His side was getting uncomfortable but he needed to get away. Before the last guy could hurt him again, Zayn used his vampire speed (or whatever speed he could use with that injury in his side) to get behind him and knock him in the head.

The last guy fell unconscious like the other two. Zayn didn’t waste any time and quickly limped home. He fumbled for the keys in his pocket, his hands shaking badly. When he tried to insert the key into the lock, the key fell out of his hands. Zayn wanted to bend down and take it but the pain in his side became unbearable. Tears ran down his face as he groaned in agony
felt like he was slightly floating or something.

“Let’s go to my dorm then,” Liam said, heading to one of the buildings with Zayn in tow. Zayn just let himself be dragged away. He felt like deadweight but Liam could probably handle him because he was strong. He heard Liam mutter something about them walking too slow.

Suddenly, Liam lifted Zayn and settled him over his shoulder, his hand accidentally landing on Zayn’s ass. The raven-haired lad squeaked in surprise. Liam quickly moved his hand to the small of Zayn’s back. “Sorry, sorry,” he apologized, sounding embarrassed. Zayn looked down and suddenly wasn’t complaining. He had a good view of Liam’s butt.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t ogle Liam for long because Liam used his super-speed to get them to his dorm room. He set Zayn down on his bed and put their bags on the floor. He leaned over Zayn to fluff up the pillows for him.

Zayn, feeling somewhat lucid, had a very loose tongue. “You know, normally I like people to buy me dinner before getting me in their beds,” he said, grinning up at Liam like a lunatic. Liam’s movements faltered.

“You are way more out of your mind than I thought,” Liam said, amused. He pulled the covers over Zayn. “Get some rest. You’re acting this way because you’re tired. I’m going to class and I’ll check up on you afterwards.”

Zayn nodded, smiling softly because the pillows were so soft under him and he felt so warm and content. He barely heard the sound of the door shutting before he fell asleep.

…

Zayn woke up a few hours later feeling well rested and relaxed. He yawned and stretched in his bed. Wait, he thought as he felt around. This wasn’t his bed. Zayn sat up quickly and looked at his surroundings. Looking at the different décor, he knew that this certainly wasn’t his room.

Did he have a one night stand?

The door opened and Liam walked in. All the events that had happened before Zayn fell asleep rushed into his mind. Zayn blushed when he remembered a particular line he said to Liam that might have shown his attraction to the other man. Zayn ridded the thoughts from his head and saw Liam giving him a bright smile.

“You’re awake,” he said happily, resembling a puppy that just got a new chew toy from its owner. He dropped his bag and rushed to Zayn’s side, kneeling at the side of the bed so that he was at Zayn’s eye level. “How are you feeling?”

Zayn couldn’t help but smile at how caring Liam was towards him despite them being practically strangers. “I feel better,” he said, gratefully. He yawned once again before asking, “What happened?”

“Mr. Tommo pushed you too hard. You sort of used your powers too much and your body couldn’t handle it,” Liam explained, looking upset all over again. Zayn’s heart skipped a beat at the thought of Liam being upset because Zayn had been hurt. “You looked close to collapsing so I took you back to your dorm before heading to class.”

Zayn rubbed a hand over his face, “Gosh, I must have made you late for class.” He remembered how sluggish he moved and how Liam practically carried him over to his dorm. Liam smiled at Zayn again. He had one of those perfect smiles and Zayn felt reborn every time Liam smiled at him.

“No worries,” he said, grinning slightly. “I have super-speed remember? I made it to class just in time.”

“Did you hit a table again?” Zayn asked before he could even process his thoughts. Liam blinked a few times, confused as to why he was asking before realization shone in his eyes. He quickly hid his face in his hands, feeling embarrassed.

“Why did you have to remind me?” Zayn let out a laugh at that.

“It was pretty funny.” Liam pouted at him and Zayn couldn’t help but think that Liam was pretty adorable.

“It wasn’t funny,” he protested weakly. Zayn gave him a smirk.

“Okay, it wasn’t funny. It was hilarious!” Zayn looked at him with a victorious look on his face. Yay for loopholes!

Liam made a face and blanched. “That was a horrible joke. Almost as horrible as my friend’s jokes,” he said fondly, shaking his head at Zayn. “He had this one crab joke that he won’t stop raving about.”

As much as he would like to ask Liam what it was and spend more time in his bed, Zayn needed to get back to reality. He took a peek at the clock on Liam’s bedside table and almost fell out of bed when he saw the time. “Shit,” he groaned. “I missed one of my classes.”

Liam snorted before he could help himself. “Even if you
me that he looks so much more beautiful in the flesh,” Niall answered. Liam shrugged.

“Even if we did, he would probably catch you by surprise anyway,” the alpha said. “What did he say about our little proposal?”

“Said he’ll think about it,” Niall responded, his mouth full of food. “He has a lot on his plate right now. He’ll call us when he’s ready.”

Louis’ eyebrows furrowed, “You sure he’ll call? I thought that was a phrase used to appease someone and let them down gently.”

Niall shook his head, “I don’t think Zayn’s like that. Besides, he seemed pretty sure that he’ll call us.”

The feathery-haired alpha pursed his lips, “It’s not like it’s the first time we’ve been rejected by an omega. He probably feels weirded out by us. God, I can’t believe I gave him the flower, our flower! I feel so stupid right now.”

Louis ran a hand down his face and groaned loudly. “Calm down, Lou,” Harry said in his slow drawl. “Don’t be a Debbie Downer. We don’t know Zayn all that well. It’s not nice to assume things about him.”

“I will calm down if I get a blowie,” the alpha said to Harry, sounding hopeful.

“Not gonna work,” Liam said under his breath and Louis gave him a dirty look.

“Still no,” Harry responded, adamant to stick to his decision. Louis pouted.

“Fine,” he reluctantly let go of the conversation. The alpha grabbed the remote from the table. “Why are we even watching Teen Wolf anyway? This show has shitty writers. Can you believe they left Kira’s story the way it was? They could have made a great storyline with her. Arden Cho deserves better, in my opinion.”

“We all know that the only reason we watch Teen Wolf is because Liam likes Tyler Posey’s ass,” Niall mused as he watched Liam splutter at his words.

“I do not!” Liam protested weakly. Louis scoffed.

“You better not,” he warned the other alpha, poking the remote at Liam’s chest. “My ass is ten times better than his.”

“I’m trying to eat here,” Niall said, pulling a face. Louis rolled his eyes in annoyance.

“As if you’ve never tried to eat this ass before.”

“Okay, Lou. Okay.”

…

Zayn felt like he was ready to face-plant into his burger. He was at the cafeteria on a Friday afternoon after his shift at the Library. The omega was hungry and exhausted. Since the semester was starting to take off, more students stopped by the library. That meant more books had to be put back on the right shelves, more students had to be helped and he had to shush people constantly.

Not to mention the fact that Mrs. Walker (the librarian) had a habit of bringing homemade food to the library and giving it to Zayn during his short breaks. She claimed that Zayn was ‘too skinny for his own good’ and needed ‘more meat on the bones’. Her food was delicious too, much better than the cafeteria food. The homemade cooking reminded Zayn of his mother back at home.

If she saw him now, she would say the same thing Mrs. Walker had said and cook up a lot of dishes for him to eat. Oh, how he missed her. He missed his baba and his sisters too. Homesickness hadn’t struck him when he first arrived but it was appearing now.

Taking out his phone, Zayn quickly sent a quick text to his mother, asking how she was and what was going on back at home. He received a text a minute later but it wasn’t from his mother. It was from an unknown number.


Hey zayn. This is ned from music club. Auditions start next week. We look forward 2 hearing u sing Mario btw. Gudluck mate ! 


Great, something that Zayn needed to start worrying about.

Another text came in, this time from his mother.


Im great lovie. Your baba and sisters are too. We miss you loads xx


Zayn grinned at the text, shooting back a reply that he missed them too and he’ll try to visit as soon as possible. After he sent that text, he was startled out of his happy daze when Gigi and Bella sat in front of him, both with their own trays of food. The raven-haired omega set down his phone on the table.

“Hi, Zayn!” Gigi said rather brightly. Zayn was starting to think that she was the happy-go-lucky type. She tossed her blonde hair over her shoulder and set her bag next to her. Bella smiled at him as she sat down and he smiled back. The two sisters seemed to have bought sushi. “So, how was your first week at uni?”

Zayn didn’t mean to groan at the question
As a model, Zayn got invitations to go to events and such. Tonight, he was at the American Music Awards. Zayn had always wanted to go to the AMAs because he knew that some of his favourite artists were there. When his publicist said that he was invited to the AMAs but it clashed with another event, Zayn was adamant to go to the AMAs, fuck that other event.

After getting pampered all afternoon to make sure he showed up looking like a ten out of ten, Zayn stepped onto the red carpet with confidence. His stylist, Caroline, had pulled through and gotten him a suit that wasn’t too formal yet wasn’t too casual and it was comfortable too.

Zayn got stopped by a couple of interviewers who asked about his latest magazine shoots and what his plans are for the future. Zayn had always wanted to appear in a music video, so he answered with that. He easily slipped into his charming yet professional persona.

Being in the modeling industry for about five years had taught him that there are people who would hate you no matter what. Zayn was just a young boy from Bradford who got noticed by a talent agent during the tender age of 17. He didn’t know what to expect, didn’t know that so many things would test him and his patience.

During his earlier years, he was such an easy target. He let the hate get to him, let people make fun of his heritage and who he was. They tried whitewashing him, dubbing him as things he wasn’t. Zayn was a family guy and very respectful of women yet his agency made him go on fake dates with a C-List artist just to give her promotion and they paid newspapers to write articles on how he ‘cheated’ on her.

A year ago, he quitted that management. Although there was a chance that his career would end up dead, Zayn didn’t care. He was fucking tired of being someone he wasn’t. Fortunately for him, a new modeling agency decided to hire him as he was one of the most in-demand models. As he grew older, Zayn realized that his heritage was the thing that made him appeal more to others.

Zayn was half-Pakistani and that gave him his rogue features and his golden skin tone. Zayn embraced that and the fact that it had gotten him this far in the industry. However, just because he was free of his old management, that didn’t mean his life was controversy-free.

His beard’s management encouraged the girl to keep dropping his name in interviews and ‘shade’ him even when it didn’t make sense. Zayn found it rather childish and he couldn’t help but shade her back. The biggest controversy Zayn had now was whether or not he was dating Gigi Hadid, another successful model.

Zayn wasn’t dating her. Gigi and him were very good friends. She understood how the industry could be and cheered him up on multiple occasions. Not to mention, she was fun to hang out with. Gigi was gorgeous but Zayn just wasn’t interested. He was interested in someone else.

Speaking of someone else, Zayn squinted his eyes slightly as he stared at the artist who had just arrived. It was Liam Payne. Zayn didn’t know Liam was coming and he felt stupid for not checking the website to see who was nominated and who was performing. Zayn could handle this situation two ways; he could be cool and pretend that Liam hadn’t copied his photos that resulted in him doing the same thing or he could confront Liam.

Quite frankly, Zayn’s brain said that the second option was more entertaining so he would go with that one. Zayn waited as Liam finished his interviews. When Liam’s entourage passed him, Zayn quickly grabbed Liam’s arm and pulled him out of his group. He saw one of the men move to get Liam back but Liam shook his head.

“I’ll join you later,” Liam said and Zayn nearly melted at how Liam’s sexy voice sounded. Zayn quickly berated himself for getting distracted.

“Well, if it isn’t the guy who’s been copying my selfies,” Zayn said coyly. Liam ducked his head down and scratched the back of his neck, cheeks flushing red with embarrassment. Zayn’s suspicions were confirmed; Liam had been copying his photos.

“Ah, sorry, man,” Liam apologized with a flustered look on his face that made Zayn take pity on him suddenly. Zayn wasn’t even mad at Liam at the moment, couldn’t even remember why he was mad because Liam was giving him a look equivalent to that of a pouting puppy and it was just so cute that his annoyance at Liam faded away. “Your photos are just so cool and you look so hot in them that I had to try doing the poses myself.”

“It’s all right, mate,” Zayn said, eyes twinkling mischievously when Liam admitted that Zayn was hot. The artist seemed to have caught on to what he had said and the red tint
food on him and calling him a fucking terrorist,” Louis interjected. Eric sat behind his desk, his face annoyed and his hands clenched.

“That’s happened a few times before,” the vampire told them. “Only, when they did that, I had them punished for disrespecting my progeny. Too bad I wasn’t there last night. Pretty sure I would have seen red.”

“The one who attacked him last night was a human,” Niall explained. “He had no idea that Zayn was a vampire.” Eric nodded.

“Thank God, he didn’t. If he did, there’s no telling what he would have done to Zayn,” Eric responded. “ There are hate groups starting to form now. They don’t agree with the Great Revelation. I wouldn’t be surprised if that man was a part of them. In case of anything, just know that Zayn can survive any injury except a stake to the heart and a few blood-related diseases. Keep that in mind.”

The four supernaturals nodded, storing the information in their heads. Then, Harry brought up a pressing matter. “I just don’t understand why Zayn looked too accepting of the situation. He even thought that he was to blame for the whole ordeal.”

Eric ran a hand through his hair and let out a huff. “Here’s the thing with Zayn. Before he was my progeny, he was bullied a lot. I witnessed it firsthand on the night I took him away from that town. He only used his strength when he felt like serious damage would happen to him. Who knows how long he had been told and brainwashed that he was an outcast and an abomination.

“On some days, Zayn embraces who he is. He accepts that he is half-vampire and uses that to his advantage. Pam’s been helping him by telling him to accept that he’s different and regard it as an upper hand. However, sometimes, he hates himself. I’ve heard him regard himself as a freak when he was reiterating the story of how his childhood was in that town.

“He isn’t comfortable with his skin sometimes. Reports from Doctor Ludwig said that his father was Asian, Pakistani to be exact. That’s where he got his skin tone and some of his features. Zayn isn’t comfortable with the fact that he isn’t fully vampire or fully human. He isn’t comfortable with the fact that he is different from different,” Eric let out a sigh that felt weighed down by problems.

“We’ll help him accept who he is,” Liam promised, sounding very determined. “It pains us to see him blind to how much of a treasure he really is.”

Eric nodded in agreement. “It sure is,” he replied. “If I ever met up with his real Maker, I might slap her in the face for leaving him to self-destruct. That isn’t how a Maker should care for their progeny.”

“Are you any closer to finding out who she is?” Louis asked curiously.

“Doctor Ludwig said that she might have found something but she needs to rerun the test. We’ll have the answer in a few days, hopefully before whoever is hunting him down tries anything,” Eric told them.

“Any leads on them?” Niall asked. Eric shook his head.

“It seems like a dead end,” he answered. “I hope nothing drastic happens.”

Harry gave Eric a smile, “Don’t worry, Mr. Northman. We’ll protect Zayn with all we have.”

“I’m keeping you to that promise. If he’s harmed, I won’t hesitate to end you,” Eric threatened though his tone was humourous.

“I’m guessing that that’s your version of the talk fathers usually give to their children’s boyfriends,” Louis said, raising an eyebrow. Eric smirked at them.

“Exactly.”

…

“How many of these have you been to before?” Liam asked Zayn, his eyes sparing a glance to the passenger seat next to him to see the half-vampire drum his fingers on his thighs nervously. They were currently on their way to the vampire ball that Eric was hosting. They were all in their best suits, dressing to impress and give a good impression to Zayn’s fellow vampire peers.

“I’ve been to every one of them,” Zayn answered bluntly. “It’s kind of compulsory. Same old people every time only with new toys or progenies.” He let out a long sigh.

“I forgot that vampires lived long,” Louis said from the backseat. “It must be boring, innit?” Zayn nodded glumly.

“Normally, I just greet them and retreat to the kitchen or stay in the shadows if the event is held away from home,” Zayn replied. “Nobody usually asks for me anyway.” When Liam gave him a questioning look, he merely shrugged.

A few minutes later, they pulled up before a large mansion. The four supernaturals were awed by
that doesn’t make any sense.” Louis lays his hands flat on the table as if he is making a business deal or something.

“What I am saying is, after all you’ve been through, do you really want to break up?” Louis questions him. “ Remember Danielle? Or Sophia or even, Perrie?”

Liam cringes at all the names. He had dated the girls, except Perrie, when he thought he was straight. It was a dark time for him and Zayn retaliated by dating Perrie. Zayn had told him that he was going to propose to Perrie but Zayn’s mother put a stop to that by reminding him that he was still young. Afterwards, it was a blur of parties, booze and sex, on Liam’s part. A lot of things happened but luckily, they managed to shoulder through.

“What is this but a bump in the road? Have faith in your relationship, Liam,” Louis advises him, worriedness seeping into his tone. “If you lose faith in it, it won’t survive. You love Zayn and Zayn loves you. Believe in that and hold onto it, okay mate?”

Liam nods, feeling scolded but weirdly lighter. “Okay, thanks, Lou.”

Louis grins,“Love advice is my specialty. ”

They both laugh, knowing that his statement is bullshit. Louis just has those moments where he actually acts his age and has wisdom. Liam thinks that maybe it is because of Louis’ boyfriend, Harry who seems to bring out Mature Louis.

Whatever the case, Liam is determined to take that advice seriously because it is the only thing keeping him grounded at the moment.

That and Zayn’s love for him.

...



Three.



It becomes an unspoken rule to spend every minute that they have left together. Both of them know that there is this looming death date above their heads but they choose to ignore it, focusing on the moments right now rather than the unpredictable future.

They have a lot more free time now, with Zayn quitting his side jobs to focus on preparing to leave and Liam’s classes end earlier now. They spend every evening by going on dates. Dates that consist of walking in the park or watching a movie at the cinema or dinner out. They just bask in the presence of each other. Savoring each moment before it is gone.

They take turns picking out dates. Yesterday was Liam’s turn. He had taken Zayn out on a picnic under the stars. They laid on a blanket and watched the sky, looking out for a shooting star. And by luck, one passed them. They both closed their eyes, making a wish. Liam wished for their relationship to hold on strong and Zayn wished for something. Anything.

Today, Zayn wants to go to the pier. There is a funfair there and Zayn knows that Liam loves funfairs. Once Liam’s classes finish, they drive all the way there. The funfair is lively, a lot of people are there and there are couples there too. Liam and Zayn do all the mushy couple stuff, like taking selfies, going on bumper cars and Liam even wins Zayn a big teddy bear with eyes as brown and soft as Liam’s. Zayn’s words those are, mind you.

At some point, Liam leaves Zayn in front of a souvenir shop to buy some cotton candy while Zayn browses the knick knacks. The shop is one of many, selling the same stuff as all the others. Once Liam is off, Zayn sighs. He knows what is going on with Liam. He knows how Liam feels. He also knows that Liam wants him to put himself first because the art school is the best thing for Zayn.

Those were Liam’s words during one of their talks a few nights before. Zayn had argued, saying that Liam was the best thing for him. But Liam wanted him to go to the art school because he might not get another chance like that again. No matter how much Zayn had wanted to protest, he knew that Liam was right. Now, it is too late to back out. Zayn would be leaving in a couple of days.

But he would never leave Liam. He had wanted to bring Liam along but his boyfriend insisted that there was nothing for him there. That his life was here. And so going together wasn’t an option. Which is why Zayn’s hand drifts to a world globe in a pile of hats. The globe isn’t that big, about thirteen centimeters in diameter. He has an idea in his head, something sentimental. So he buys it.

When Liam comes back, grinning as he hands Zayn a stick of cotton candy, Zayn hides the plastic bag containing the globe behind his teddy bear and they go on the ferris wheel, watching the sunset together. It feels nice and Zayn is going to miss this when he leaves.

He’s going to miss a lot of things but moments of comfortable silence filled with unspoken words that do not need to be said are what he will miss the most.

When they get home,