said. "Even if it might not deserve it."

"Stiles," Isaac groaned.

"Shut up," Stiles told him. 

"Aw...bad breakup?" the vampire cocked his head again.

"No, my pack kicked me out."

"Whyever did they do that?" 

"They decided I was weak, that it was best for me. But they took everything I loved away and left me alone."

"But you're still faithful. They must be fools!" The vampire laughed, glancing at Isaac incredulously. Stiles looked at him too and winced. The werewolf's spine was currently knitting itself together, and it hurt like hell, if his face was anything to go by.

"To me, family is important- no matter what."

"See, I'm a loner." The vampire smiled.

"I can see why."

"I could turn you, human."

"Hm...let me think. How about no, vampire."

"Alright, the human/vampire thing is irking me. I am Jeremy."

"Jeremy the vampire." Stiles laughed slightly, but it came out a bit hollow. "I'm Stiles."

"An interesting name." The vampire stepped closer, reaching a hand out and touching Stiles' shoulder. "You seem lonely, Stiles, and so am I. How about we travel together? I can turn you-"

Stiles stuck the knife between it's ribs and twisted sharply, holding it in.

"I'm not really partial to the taste of blood myself," he hissed in it's ear, "and I'd rather keep my idiot friends alive, even though they've left me." Finally he wrenched the knife out and let the body drop with a thud. 

Over by the tree, Isaac whimpered again, and Stiles went to him, sitting by him.

"I-it hurts," Isaac grasped at his side, and Stiles could see his ribs healing under the skin.

"Sh...it's okay," he said, unable to keep from comforting the werewolf. He knew he would fully heal, but he was still in pain. 

"We- we were wrong, Stiles. I'm so sorry. I protested at first, but then it seemed to make sense..."

"And now?"

"I unders-understand. I'm so sorry." Isaac reached up and set a hand on Stiles' shoulder. "Thanks for saving me."

"It's alright Isaac. Thank you for trying."

"Stiles, please don't try again. I'll talk to Derek. That-" he was cut off with a groan of pain. "That vampire was going after you already. Derek will understand that you're less safe with-without us."

"Thank you, Isaac, but he doesn't want me."

"Isaac!" Derek burst through the trees, followed by Scott and Erica. Stiles jumped back and they stopped. 

"Stiles?" Derek asked. "What are you doing here?"

"Saving your fucking beta because you're just plain incompetent!" Stiles growled, angry at the sight of his 'pack'.

"Stiles-" Scott stepped forward.

"Save it, McCall," he snapped. "I'm done with you all. So done. Isaac, feel free to call if you need help or someone with actual brains."

He turned on his heel and left. No one bothered to follow.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Derek felt raw and torn apart, as if someone had pulled him open and thrown his emotions out. His betas had all come at different times but he'd turned them away.

When he'd seen Stiles, all these emotions had flooded through him. Anger, horror, worry, fear, and-

Love.

It had slammed into him and he'd been left breathless and without words, without any way to comfort Stiles. After Kate, he'd scoffed at love. It seemed like a traitorous thing. But now...now he knew he'd never loved her. Not like he loved Stiles.

He shuddered, hugging his knees to his chest as he sat on the floor of his room. They'd all been too shocked and too horrified to say a word, and now no one knew what to say. They needed to...well, he didn't know what they needed to do. Should they stay away and get the Sheriff to deal with it, or take Stiles back into the pack and risk his life?

He closed his eyes and clenched his fists. Stiles had snapped, hadn't he. Someone should have something. He was the alpha, he was supposed to take care of the pack- but he'd been mute, tongue useless in his shock. They all had.

Stiles had said he was done with them. But he still looked after Isaac...

Could they fix it? They had to; Derek had the feeling that Stiles was safer with them because he was safe from himself.
__

"Derek, we need to talk." The
nights, makes him tea when he can't sleep, finds him food or clothes when he doesn't want to get up. He holds back his hair after he gets drunk and then throws up, then washes him and tucks him into bed. 

He helps Luke hide, he helps him function. But he cannot make him live. Only time can heal this wound, but Michael knows it will. It has to. It slowly tears Michael apart, but he pretends that every inch he tears is another inch of Luke that is brought back together. It gets him through the days. 

Luke isn't as good at pretending as Michael is, but they're on break and Calum and Ashton are in their honeymoon phase. No one suspects a thing. Michael suggests they go on a vacation together, and they head to America for a few weeks. Luke cries out loud the first night they're gone. 

Michael's heart breaks again when Luke begins to question. 

"Am I not good enough?" or "of course Ash deserves him, they're perfect."

"No," Michael denies. "You're perfect. The person who gets you will be the luckiest person alive. You deserve so much better." 

Luke doesn't read into it too much, for which Michael is grateful. 

 

 

 

He wants to be happy for his friends. He wants to congratulate them and crack terrible jokes, but this time his jokes will not bring out Luke's beautiful laugh, and he holds back. He wants to shake Calum for not seeing Like right in front of him, but Ashton is so deserving of happiness too and Calum gives him that and he gives it to Calum in turn. 

Once he bitterly thinks that it's Luke's heart that has messed this up, that if Luke loved him instead, everything could be perfect. He burns his arm in shame that night. It's not fair- the heart wants what the heart wants and Luke can control his love for Calum no more than Michael can control his love for Luke.

His weight drops faster and his arms become covered in small neat lines, but Luke begins to heal. Inch for inch, he reminds himself. He gives and Luke unwittingly takes, and falling apart has never felt worth it until now. 

 

 

 

"Why did I fall for the wrong person?" Luke asks one night. 

"We all do at least once," Michael says. "We're only human. We think with our hearts and not with our heads." 

"I think my head would love you," Luke whispers. 

Michael's heart hammers long after Luke is sleeping as he agonizes over that one sentence. It's futile. Even when Luke recovers from this heartbreak, he will not love Michael. He will find someone much better. 

 

 

 

Slowly the nights change to sleeping silently in each other's arms. No more tears are shed. Then it morphs into getting to know the more serious side of each other, sides they don't talk about nearly enough. 

"I feel too much," Michael confesses. He doesn't call it by name- anxiety. And he doesn't talk about how deadly it is when mixed with depression. 

"It's your big heart," Luke smiles genuinely. 

"I have to have at least one good trait," Michael jokes, wanting to prolong that smile. But the smile fades. Luke rolls over until they're facing, noses almost touching. 

"Hey, there are many great things about you." He's whispering, as if the moment is delicate. "Never forget that."

Michael stares at himself in the mirror for a while after Luke is asleep, trying to find the good traits. He sees nothing. 

 

 

 

His heart breaks again when Luke is fully healed. But he can be happy for Calum and Ashton. Luke is the one to crack stupid jokes about them and everything is fine again. Except for the fact that Michael poured everything left in him into Luke. He's hollowed out, now. 

His spirals mentally. Cuts get deeper, purging more frequent. He thinks about death a lot and it begins to feel as if there wouldn't even be consequences, despite the fact that logically he knows there would be. His heart leads, his mind can only protest in vain- and the heart knows no common sense. 

His bandmates are better than ever and he is dying. 

 

 

 

The decision isn't that hard. If he'd be honest with himself, he'd admit that he had made it weeks, even months, before. 

He's drained of everything and he has no words to write. He simply pens 'I'm sorry' on a scrap of paper and leaves it with his things. 

He is sorry. He's sorry to inconvenience anyone. He's sorry he had to be the band failure. He's reached the end of the road.

He gets into the tub fully clothed and slits his wrists. 

 

 

 

He wakes up. He's angry and disoriented. He's not dead,
?"

"No. I mean, sure, getting the hate from people was a blow to my self-confidence, but there's also a ton of support. More support, actually. I just didn't see it. And music is- music is all I can do, all I'm remotely good at. It's also helped me through a lot and I'd be worse off without this career. The biggest thing, though, is being around my bandmates all the time. They've had to be my family and even though hey didn't know what I was struggling with, somewhere deep inside I knew they cared and would want I help. That was the turning point, where I changed my mind. Hearing, especially from Luke, that I was more to them than I had always seen myself sort of opened my eyes."

Brenda nodded and Michael felt relieved.

"Do you have anything to add, Luke?" She asked. Luke squeezed Michael's hand gently.

"First of all, Michael, we don't 'have' to be your family. We want to be your family. Second of all, I don't know how you possibly didn't see how much I cared about you. And hearing that you stopped hurting yourself after we became friends- I want that to happen now, I want to be enough for you like I was back then."

Michael bit his lip to fight back the tears but he also couldn't help smiling. Brenda nodded again, studying Michael's face for a moment and writing something down. 

"One more question and then our session is over," she told them. "Michael, how do you feel now?"

Michael hesitated. "I don't know- I can't quite put my finger on it. I just- I still feel depressed, it's not gonna just go away, but I also feel like maybe I can get through this. If Luke's with me, if Ashton and Calum are with me. They're worth getting through this for. I sort of owe it to them too, after all they've been through because of me."

Brenda seemed satisfied. "Well, go home and think about it at random times during the day. Take note of when and where you feel the best and worst. Would you mind if I speak with Luke alone?"

"I don't mind," Michael said. He stood and bent to kiss Luke on the cheek before leaving the room. 

Luke turned to Brenda as the door shut. 

"I know there's a lot on your shoulders right now," she said. "Do you need to let anything out?"

"He's insecure about me," Luke said. "What am I suppose to do with that?"

"He has some insecurity about you,  granted, but he has much more security in you too. Right now you're what grounds him. Don't feel discouraged or guilty. Just keep doing exactly what you're doing."

She stood and Luke followed suite. 

"Thank you," he said before following Michael out the door.

Luke sat next to Michael on the couch and turned to look at him. 

"Are you sure you're fine with seeing them?" He asked Michael. 

"I should. I owe it to them and they've gone through a lot because of me."

"Calum told me that if you weren't ready, they don't have to come." Luke leaned against Michael and wrapped his arms around him. Michael leaned into his touch.

"I'm fine," Michael said. "If I can't talk to two of my best friends I'm never going to get better."

"If you're sure," Luke said, frowning hesitantly.

"I'm sure," Michael said, and Luke nodded. He kissed him on the cheek and stood as a knock sounded on the door. 

He opened it and Michael heard muttered voices before Calum and Ashton walked in, standing awkwardly by the door. They'd visited Michael in the hospital a few times, but they hadn't seen him in a while. Michael didn't know what to do. 

He stood up. "Um, hey."

"Oh fuck it," Ashton said, throwing his arms around Michael. Calum laughed and followed suit and Luke tried to envelop them all in his long arms. Michael felt content, some of the turmoil in his brain easing away. 

"I think we need to do something together," Calum announced. 

"Let's go get pizza," Michael said, all of his nervousness suddenly gone.

"Are you sure?" Luke asked Michael, looking at him anxiously over Ashton's shoulder. 

"Yeah," Michael said. "I haven't been outside since my last appointment and I haven't seen Calm and Ashton since I got out of the hospital. I think we should."

"Okay," said Luke, "let's go."

Calum grinned. "Of course it
cute. 

"I'm not sure how we got on this topic," Charles says, pretending to be unaffected. "My point still remains."

"Mine too," Peter snarks. Charles would probably roll his eyes if it wasn't undignified. Peter snickers at the mental image.

"Well I believe Hank should be here any moment," Charles says briskly. "But we'll continue this conversation at another time." 

"That we will," Peter says cheerily. Charles tries to look ruffled but he smiles as the door closes behind him. Peter feels a little better.

 

 

 

Dinner lines up with Erik's visit, and he brings it up looking quite determined. Peter's a stubborn asshole as well, however, and is unaffected when Erik sets the tray on his lap. Peter merely picks it up and sets it on the table by his bed before picking up his book again. 

"Peter." Erik's voice is a warning. "You need to eat."

"I've got the IV," Peter says absently, pretending to be quite interested in his book. He doesn't even remember what it is. Something Verne. 

"That's barely enough to keep a feeding tube out of your throat," Erik says menacingly.

"So it's just enough." Peter shrugs.

Erik sets his jaw. A couple of months ago that might have made Peter a little scared, but now he knows better. Erik's secretly a big softie. Even though right now he looks downright homicidal. 

"Eat your dinner."

"I'm not five," Peter shoots back, "I'm an adult, actually, I can handle myself."

"Obviously not," Erik says. "If you can get out of that bed and walk to the bathroom and back, I'll let you out of dinner."

Peter glares at him. Erik glares back. 

"Fine," Peter spits. "You have yourself a deal."

"The IV stays in." 

"Fine," Peter says again. Then he tosses his book aside and sweeps the blankets off. 

Fuck, it's cold. It takes tremendous effort to swing his legs over the side of the bed, and Erik already looks smug. It only fuels Peter's determination, however, and he pushes himself up to his feet where he sways for a moment, praying his vision will clear. He pinches his bandaged wrist where Erik won't see and sighs with relief as the blurry edges fade. 

"Are you going to stand there forever or walk?" Erik says. Peter scoffs at him. 

"I'm walking, I'm walking. Don't get your panties in a knot."

Erik says nothing to that, and Peter takes his first step, wobbling a little but still upright. He has to pull the stupid IV stand with him but on the second step it turns out to be a blessing as he leans on it for support as subtly as possible. 

"That's cheating," Erik says. 

"I don't know what you're talking about," Peter retorts. He takes a few more steps and pretends his legs aren't trembling violently. It's an agonizingly slow journey, but he reaches the bathroom door.

"Surprised you got that far," Erik comments.

"Well, I made it, so you can just get rid of that food," Peter pants. 

Erik shakes his head. "You have to get back to the bed too, remember?"

Peter slumps over. "Wha-? Godammit."

But he's Peter Maximoff and still a stubborn asshole, and not even his dad is going to outdo him in stubborn pride. So he turns around and takes another trembling step, smiling triumphantly when he makes it another two steps without incident. 

He's panting pretty badly, though, and his vision starts going black.

"Peter." Erik sounds concerned. "Peter, just give it up."

"Nope," Peter says through gritted teeth. "I'm almost there." 

"You're barely halfway across the floor."

"And three-quarters of the way through my journey," he says, reconsidering it when he nearly commits to another step. He just needs a second and then he'll be fine. 

"Peter," Erik says again, sounding genuinely worried. "You're over-exerting yourself."

"Nonsense, it's just walking. How hard can it be?" Peter laughs, taking another step.

His legs tremble violently and then give out beneath him, and he crumples to the floor. Erik is on his feet in the blink of an eye.

"No, I'm fine," Peter tries to stop him. "I'll get up and finish it-"

Erik ignores his protests and leans down to scoop him up into his arms. "Shut up, you idiot."

Peter tries to scowl, but he's really not feeling well and he feels like vomiting. He can't see very well, but he hears the scrape of the IV stand's wheels on the floor behind them
'They don't know about us...'

Niall had written that one. He hadn't been credited for it because he'd written it for Harry and Louis and management was worried people would piece it together. Louis had cried when Niall first sang it for them and Niall cried too. Zayn had left the room and Harry began to wonder.

He watched them more closely. They weren't together- no matter what, they would have told the boys- but there was definitely something there. He wondered why he hadn't seen it. Glances, compliments, gazing, and touching like they couldn't help themselves.

Niall and Zayn. Just how had he not seen it before? 

They released the album and Harry saw all of the pictures of him and Louis with 'They Don't Know About Us' written on them. It was like the fans knew the song was for them. Singing it onstage he wanted to cry- two years and they were still unable to say a thing. The song broke his heart but it helped, too. 

Niall and Zayn looked more, touched more, and grew closer every day. When one wasn't there, the other would wander around aimlessly, a lost look in their eyes. 

But then it happened and Harry forgot about NiallandZayn.Because Louis had kissed Harry in public by accident and the fans had begged for more. They wanted it, and management finally, finally gave them permission to give it to them. Their popularity only sky-rocketed from there. Sure, there were haters, but weren't there always? His world was now full of LouisLouisLouis in and out of the public eye and it was wonderful.

But after a while his attention was dragged back to Niall and Zayn because something was wrong with Niall. He didn't know what, but Niall seemed about ready to break and Harry had never seen Zayn so helpless. 

And then one day Zayn had marched Niall into the sitting room in the bus and sat him down, grabbing the first aid kit and cleaning the blood.

The blood. Harry felt sick remembering it. Niall hadn't said a word, just looked dully at his bleeding wrists. Harry couldn't feel so happy then, but he didn't blame Niall. 

They all tried to talk to Niall but it was like he couldn't hear. And when Zayn cried, Harry and Louis would surround him and try to comfort him, at a loss. Liam blamed himself for not seeing but Zayn blamed himself for not keeping Niall safe and it was evident that he wasn't doing well. He walked with head bowed, eyes so painfilled that Harry couldn't look at his face. He gave the razors to Harry because Niall would dig them out of the trash or find them in Zayn's bag, only to have Zayn take them away again. Harry threw them away at the next restaurant they stopped at.

Things reached a climax when Niall tried to shoot himself. Where he'd gotten the gun Harry never found out; but he did know that it was Zayn who'd found him, Zayn who'd thrown the gun across the room, Zayn who'd yelled and cried, and Zayn who'd finally kissed him, right in front of the others but not caring. Zayn fixed him and everything was okay.

And it was back to HarryandLouis because NiallandZayn were okay and all that mattered was that Niall and Zayn were happy and Harry and Louis could let people know they belonged to each other.
his face switches from frustration to concern. 

"Fuck- yeah, I'm sorry." He takes Alex's bag and then his arm. Alex finds himself unable to protest. 

They're close to the park and it's usually deserted, so Jack leads him there and sits him on a bench. Alex can't tell if he's shivering from cold or panic but he feels better when Jack sits close to him. 

"Come here," he says softly, wrapping an arm around Alex to keep him warm. "I'm sorry I got angry. I'm just scared."

They sit in silence until Alex's shaking mostly calms. Alex isn't sure what to say but he knows he should say something. 

"I think- I guess it is control," he says finally. "But the weight sort of shows progress so it's tied in." 

Jack rubs his shoulder comfortingly and Alex burrows his nose into his jacket. 

"You do know you're really fucking skinny, though, right?" Jack asks.

"I'm. . ." Alex hesitates. "I mean objectively I guess I'm sort of skinny-"

Jack reaches down and grasps Alex's wrist with one hand, his fingers easily wrapping around it even with all the layers. Alex is grateful for the layers that hide the mutilation underneath. 

"I can feel your bones even through all these layers," Jack says in a pained voice. "And your face- it's so thin and gaunt. You're just- you're sick, Alex, and you need to get better."

It's like a slap in the face but it's what he needs to hear. He knows that. Maybe there is a problem. Maybe even this has spiraled out of control and now he needs to stop it.

"I'm sorry," is all he can say.

"It's okay. You're gonna get better." 

He hasn't known Jack that long but for some reason he believes him. He's not sure what made Jack special enough to gain his trust but he's glad he gave it to him. Jack is life, Jack is good, Jack is happiness. Maybe Alex can get some of that, maybe he can get better. 

He ignores the nagging voice in the back of his head (Jack doesn't know you cut yourself, Jack doesn't know you want to die, Jack doesn't know you kill everything you touch).

It's the anniversary of the day his brother died. Not the day they pulled the plug, the day he slipped into a coma, because to Alex that was really the day he died. He's trying not to think about it this year but he's shaking extra badly an he broke his promise to Jack. He threw up everything he'd eaten that day. 

Jack had made him promise that even if he was going to skip meals, he would stop throwing up. It wasn't where it would end, it was just a start. There was no way Jack would settle just for that, he just understood that he couldn't make Alex better all at once. Alex had stayed true to his promise for an entire week but today the food had practically come up on its own. 

By the time Jack shows up and they head outside, Alex is panicking. He knows he should say something, but his mind is in overdrive and Jack looks so happy as he runs up and down the sidewalk, chattering away.

"- and my professor wanted a class photo, so everyone is just standing there and I'm like 'this is boring' so I flipped off the camera and now she's mad at me-"

Alex lets a small smile slip onto his face as Jack's story gets stranger and stranger and probably more and more made up as he goes. When an actual laugh comes out, Jack looks triumphant. 

Alex's brother slowly slips from his mind as he laughs at Jack's antics, even his tremors calming. He's not even worried about telling Jack that he broke his promise. Jack will forgive him, will help him start over, and everything will be okay. He and Jack are friends. 

Fiends. For some reason the word resonates with him strangely. Isn't friends what he wants to be with Jack? 

His thoughts are interrupted when Jack charges at him, scooping him up and twirling him around in the middle of the sidewalk. 

"Jack!" Alex gasps through his laughter, pretending that an undignified squeal did NOT come out of his mouth. "Put me down!"

"Neveeeeerr!" Jack yells. They get a few glares and a lot of smiles from passersby. 

Jack sets him down only to pick him up again bridal style. This time Alex can't ignore the squeak he lets out, and Jack laughs at him. 

"What the hell are you doing?" He demands, but he knows he looks ridiculous. His face is hot and his hair is pointing in all
to breathe and push on. The closest hospital was also the one closest to their house, and he knew it was where she'd be. It still felt like forever before he could see it, though, and he felt ready to pass out again. Luke noticed his panic and took his hand, an act that comforted Michael instead of confusing him in the panic of the moment. 

They burst through the doors and Michael got to the front desk, leaning on it and panting.

"My sister- Daisy Clifford- where is she? How is she?"

"Your name?" the woman at the desk asked.

"Michael Clifford."

"I've got this," someone said, and Michael turned to see Calum's aunt, Marina, standing behind him and Luke. 

The woman at the desk waved them on and Michael stood, his chest feeling like it was trying to cave in on itself. Luke stepped next to him and helped him stand upright without a word. 

"How is she?" Michael asked hoarsely. 

"She's in surgery right now and I didn't get all the details," Marina told him, "but I do know that it's pretty bad. She was in the street outside your house. Fortunately the speed limit was fairly low, but she's a small girl. The driver left and your neighbors called an ambulance."

"Is she-" Michael's voice failed him. "Will she-" 

"Is she gonna make it?" Luke asked when Michael's voice refused to come out for the second time. Michael shot him a grateful look.

Marina's face was grave. "It's- it doesn't look too good."

Michael sagged against Luke, tears blurring his vision. "She's only seven years old! She can't- they can't let her die..."

He felt like all the strength had rushed out of him, and Luke helped him into a nearby chair, sitting next to him and looking at him in concern. Marina sighed.

"I'm really sorry, Michael. She could still pull through. She was conscious when-"

"Don't!" Michael held up a hand as images of Daisy crossed his mind. He could just see her innocent eyes opened wide with pain as she wondered why it wouldn't stop hurting. As she wondered where Michael was. "Just- I need to know."

"I'll let you know the second she's out of surgery," Marina promised. "Are you staying here?"

She addressed Luke the second time and Luke nodded. "Yeah, I'll stick around."

Marina eyed him approvingly and then left.

"You don't have to," Michael said dully. "You don't even know me."

"Yeah, but I know you need someone to be here," Luke said, "and what would I do that would be worthwhile? Let me try and help you out."

Michael felt more tears pricking at his eyes. "Thank you," he said. "It is- it is helping."

"Is there someone you need to contact?" 

Michael shook his head. "I don't have a phone and I don't want I leave. I just- I have no idea where my mom is."

"She may be in a different part of the hospital," Luke said. "It's pretty big."

Michael nodded, his mind drifting as he stared at the white wall in front of him. He couldn't believe it. Why had Daisy been in the street? His mom had been home, what had she been doing?

_______

He and Luke had sat in silence for a few hours. Luke had fallen asleep and Michael hadn't done anything when the boy's head slipped onto his shoulder. This stranger was doing so much for him even though they'd only had a couple of conversations, and Michael had no idea why. He was still freaking out, but he knew it would be worse to be the only person in the room, to be surrounded by empty seats as he waited to hear if his little sister was going to live or not. 

It was another hour and a half before Luke woke up. Michael kept checking the clock, and he and Luke talked for a bit even though Michael's head wasn't really in it. 

Finally, finally someone came. It was Marina again, and her expression was still grave.

"What?" Michael flew to his feet. "What?"

"She's gonna make it."

Michael fell, his legs giving out. Luke caught him again, holding him upright and moving him back to his seat.

"Michael, they had to amputate her left leg," Marina told him.

"What? But-"

"It's below the knee so a prosthetic will be easier to fit than if it was higher up. She's young, she'll adapt quickly."

"She's young," Michael repeated dully. She's only seven years old."

"Do you want