’d masturbated to it and stuck the pages of his friend’s book together, he’d thought they were about to kiss here—Abram’s fists in Prince Derrick’s shirt and Prince Derrick swimming in the force of Abram’s feelings. He’d had a crush on Abram, looking back, but now that Abram was Dorian, someone he loved wholly, this scene was even worse. 

Varaad’s lips trembled. “I,” he croaked out, but his throat was so dry. Prince Derrick was supposed to say more here, but Varaad couldn’t force it out. 

Abram’s hands had become Dorian’s, gentle and soft and stroking Varaad’s bare throat above his collar in soothing motions. 

“Then you will learn from me,” Abram said, skipping Varaad’s line entirely. He let go of Varaad’s shirt without smoothing out the collar, and Varaad overbalanced slightly without Abram directly in front of him. Abram caught him and righted him, when he should’ve been bending down to pick up his sword—épée, but Varaad couldn’t complain about the inaccuracy; this was just as much Dorian and Varaad as it was Abram and Prince Derrick. 

“Should we not spar first, see who should learn from who?” Varaad asked. 

It was all Dorian who responded. He stood up with the épée and a quirk of his lips that Abram wouldn’t, and rested a hand on Varaad’s chest like he knew it belonged there. 

“Since I only know how to fence and I have no idea if you learned the sword along with the bow and arrow, I don’t think it would do for Abram to lose,” Dorian said. He went up on his tip toes to nose at Varaad’s lips, but didn’t move the extra inch to touch them with his own mouth. It felt right for Varaad and Dorian, but it didn’t for Prince Derrick and Abram. 

Dorian was right, though it was disappointing. There was nothing like their sword fight—the tense back and forth between Abram and Prince Derrick with the fenced in ring being their entire world. Prince Derrick so determined to prove his worth and Abram needing to prove how much he valued the prince had been a theme in many of Varaad’s earliest relationships, though it was often Varaad who was Abram then. Their fight ended with Abram over Prince Derrick, sweat and rain alike running down Abram’s face and onto the prince’s while they both panted in unison; Abram had won. 

Varaad pulled back from Dorian and stepped over the fence and into the ring as Dorian stripped off his tunic and left nothing but sweaty, distracting muscles for Varaad to attempt not to look at, but that was Abram as well. Prince Derrick didn’t have near as much trouble as Varaad did with attractive men standing half naked in front of him. 

“I can’t control weather so I’m afraid we’ll have to do this without the cliché rain,” Dorian said, and Varaad took his shirt off as well. Now that Varaad had experience fighting in soaked through shirts he often questioned the author’s motivations for having Abram and the prince remove their shirts since ‘it was sticking to me’ didn’t have as much hold. 


Dorian picked up the épée from where it was placed so he could remove his shirt without stabbing himself, and when he stood back up, strong but worn down, he was all Abram again. 

Abram stalked over to Varaad, where Prince Derrick was hunched over and feeling lost for having been defeated, and passed the épée to Varaad with the handle out. Once Varaad took the épée and slid his hand in the small human-hand sized space under the guard, Abram stood back on his heels with his chest out and hands behind his back like a mock-up of parade rest. 

“First position,” Abram said, and Varaad moved. The book hadn’t described first position, nor any of the others for that matter, but Varaad had learned sword basics even if the Tal-vashoth had taught him in a much more relaxed manner. 


Abram walked in a tight circle around him, his eyes sweeping over Varaad to pinpoint mistakes, and Dorian’s pausing over the stretch of Varaad’s shoulders and the strength of his arms. Varaad trembled with the effort of keeping still, especially with the hot burn of Dorian’s eyes on him. 

Abram walked behind him, and Varaad let his eyes fall shut; he knew what was coming next. Abram’s bare chest pressed against Varaad’s back, and the low grade arousal Varaad had been stewing in kicked up a notch—his cock started pressing against the front of his breeches. 

For all that Dorian complained about being cold in the south, he was always consistently hot against Varaad’s skin, burning like the fire he bent to his will in battle, burning like the heat Dorian put in his veins. 

Abram’s breath was warm and even against the skin between Varaad’s shoulder blades, and Varaad was caught between
have to walk with his head down. He opened the room closest to the stairwell and showed that it was a good size with four beds and a cot made up in it. 

“I figured this one would be best for any guards that came along since it is the closest one to the door in case of an attack,” Dorian said, and Sera peered curiously around the doorway. 

“This house have those fancy passageways for the slaves?” she asked. 

“Ah, yes,” Dorian answered warily. 

Sera bolted into the room and pulled at the tapestries and wall hangings before making a happy noise and plopping down on the bed directly next to the one she’d just peeked under. 

“I’ll take this one,” she said cheerily. 

“If I find buckets of water in my doorways or fish hidden in the walls I will send you to sleep out in the tents,” Dorian said, and Sera only smiled wider. 

“Well, I’m definitely going to regret this,” he mumbled to himself, and led Varaad and Vivienne to a room across the hall and one door over. Varaad silently agreed. 

The next room was a smaller one with only two beds big enough for two people, though it had room for cots if needed. Vivienne walked into the room without any prompting and set the small pack she’d pulled off her horse next to the furthest bed from the door. Varaad moved to follow, but Dorian caught his wrist. 

“If you’d like, you can stay in mine,” Dorian said softly, and Varaad’s heart leapt in his throat. 

Dorian had never stayed in Varaad’s room much back in Skyhold—Varaad took up so much room on top of his snoring and being a blanket hog, and Dorian held onto his partners like a little octopus, which wouldn’t be so bad if he didn’t generate so much heat. It seemed like an idea that would cut all this happiness at seeing each other again short. 

Dorian seemed to read his silence accurately though, and he shifted his grip on Varaad’s wrist as he said, “I know, I know, but I missed you. And I had a cot set up there just in case.” 

“Then I will stay with you.” 

They shared a soft kiss in the hallway, nothing with need or anything—just expressing their happiness at seeing each other again, and feeling so full of each other breathing the same air—and then Dorian led them to a door in the very back left, some distance from the front rooms he’d shown to Sera and Vivienne. 

It was dark in the room, the only light coming from the pale moonlight drifting in from the balcony just past a large four poster bed, something that looked orlesian style. As Dorian said there was a wooden cot with a pallet rolled over it just to the side of it, and Varaad dropped his stuff there. He planned to try and sleep with Dorian first, but it was better that he was already prepared to sleep on the cot. 

There was a quiet knock on the doorframe, and Varaad turned to see Miriel again. 

“Excuse me, Masters, but the stew is ready,” she said, and then she was gone. 

A faint growl filled the room in answer, and Varaad would’ve laughed at his stomach’s timing, but something Miriel said and continued to say bothered him. 

“Master?” Varaad asked, catching Dorian’s sleeve to hold him there. “Does Capernia know about this?” 

Dorian scowled and jerked his sleeve out of Varaad’s grip. “Calpernia has no say in how I run my household,” he said tightly. 

Something dark coiled in Varaad’s stomach. That...that wasn’t anywhere close to the answer Varaad wanted to hear, and he shifted nervously, glancing away for a moment. He didn’t know what to say next.

Dorian sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Ah, forgive me, you don’t deserve to have my frustration with Calpernia taken out on you,” he said softly, then added louder, “In any case, Miriel is on my payroll—not a slave—so no need to worry that pretty face of yours.” 

“Then why does she call you ‘Master?’” 

Dorian sighed again. “Her former Master was not very kind and Calpernia relieved him of his slaves. Miriel’s only been working here a short time and I do not wish to add stress trying to get her to stop.” 

The relief that filled Varaad’s body was indescribable. Dorian had said once that slaves were a fact of life in Tevinter, and Varaad was afraid he’d been unwilling to change this, even working with Calpernia. 

The tension may have left Varaad’s body, but Dorian looked no better since starting that particular conversation. He looked tight and stressed, his shoulders pulled up enough to look almost like a turtle and his hands in fists by his side.

Varaad put a cautious hand on Dorian’s shoulder, and grabbed firmly when Dorian didn’t shove him off. His
armor would’ve been ill-suited to the damp pervasive bog, but at least fighting undead, fighting demons wouldn’t have killed their spirit like this. Bull would hate him for thinking it; Bull loved a good fight and he did what needed to be done regardless of fear. Bull would never be a liability when facing enemies like this, but that didn’t mean Edric was ready to see the way it wore Bull down. 

Bull was in one of those moods when Edric reached the campfire and started stripping off his leathers. Early on, when it was only Edric and the very bottoms of the others’ clothes that were soaked through, Bull would point at Edric’s smallclothes and joke with a salacious wink, but not now. Edric stripped nearly naked and set his armor out to dry, lifted one end of Bull’s two handed axe and slid under it to sit as close to Bull as he could, all without a single word from Bull. 

Edric’s mouth was dry, didn’t know the words to say to comfort Bull and the uncertainty left his mouth cotton, but he’d always been more of the action type anyway. 

Edric slid his hand across Bull’s back, barely touching the skin until his arm would go no further, and then he pressed firmly against Bull’s back near his side, the muscles underneath shifting enough for Edric to know that Bull was listening.

“Hey,” he said, and winced when his voice cracked. He licked his lips and nudged Bull’s thigh with his knee, more in an attempt to steady himself than get Bull’s undivided attention. “Hey,” he tried again, and smiled softly when it came out steady. 

Bull’s hand released the polishing cloth and stretched out before settling back onto the axe, and Edric moved slightly with Bull’s chest as he breathed in deep. His horns moved in Edric’s peripherals, and Edric turned his head to meet Bull’s eye. Edric was greeted with a tight, but genuine smile, and a whispered Kadan that was more breath than noise. 

“I placed your furs down in the tent,” Bull said as he snaked his arm around Edric and pulled him in closer. 

Edric nodded once and said, “I saw.” Bull had probably already picked up on the fact that Edric was not pleased with being unable to carry his own supplies through the swamp lest they get soaked, but Edric was grateful for how close they were sitting, the excuse it gave him if Bull asked him about his inability to meet Bull’s eye then; neck cricks were far too common with their heights. 

Bull hummed and began to rub his thumb lightly across Edric’s bare side in sweeping arcs. If they’d been feeling less like…The Fallow Mire, it might’ve led to something more, but exhaustion and cold sunk deep into their bones, so Edric only sighed and leaned in closer. Bull hummed again.

“This…has been hard,” Edric stuttered out, cutting off his sentence before the for you could slip out unbidden. He didn’t know if Bull’s Ben-Hassrath training went as far as to predict what Edric hadn’t said, but he hoped not; Edric almost said a lot of stupid things.

Bull’s thumb stilled, and Edric’s breath caught in his throat. 

“Definitely not the kind of hard I like best,” Bull said evenly, and his thumb resumed its movement. Edric’s answering laugh sounded forced.

 “I bet you wish you’d picked up the bow like Sera,” Bull continued. “Not so much need to step in the swamp water that way.” 

“And leave you alone in the water to fight the undead?”

Bull laughed, a deep thing that was real but not anything close to joyfully throwing his head back like he usually does, and Edric grinned in response. 

“Maybe you’d stop popping out of nowhere to steal my kills.” 

“My head’s even with the water level—I haven’t needed to use that ability once.” 

“We should cut the legs off of the undead and strap them to your legs like stilts. Maybe then you’d be able to actually hit them in the head with your little knives.” 

Edric pinched Bull’s back for that and Bull started laughing so hard he dislodged where Edric was sitting, but he didn’t mind so much, not when the twinkle was back in Bull’s eye. 

“That sounds like something Sera would say,” Edric said as he stood up, dusting soil off his ass while he went.

Bull set his axe down off to the side and pulled Edric between his knees by the hand. They were nearly the same height this way.

“She may have mentioned it that time you sunk completely under the water.” 

Edric flushed, his cheeks and neck heating up in a way that only made him more embarrassed. 

“I tripped! I’m not nearly that short.” 

Bull’s smirk made him blush harder, and Edric made himself stay there and
traveled, but Adaar hadn’t expected to see such a mussed up man giving him a sleepy look. It was almost...cute, but Adaar shut that thought down before it had the chance to expand; he wouldn’t sacrifice the work his brothers and sisters had done on his reeducation for this. 

Adaar abruptly turned to the path and began his trek to trap twelve. He was not as quiet as he should’ve been, and the forest had stilled long before he reached the trap. It was as he expected however; trap twelve was undisturbed.

Adaar took his time walking back to the Ursaad. He still had three other traps to visit, but he pushed that out of his mind and let each small step he took claim his focus, not the Ursaad and the injured hornless man on her back, not the brother he’d loved in ways he shouldn’t have. 

The hornless man was still awake when Adaar finally approached, if the way he slowly sat up when Adaar approached was any indication. They didn’t greet each other, though the hornless man did sigh slightly when Adaar slid back into the saddle. 

The way to the thirteenth trap was uneventful. The Ursaad was starting to slow, but Adaar needed sleep as much as she did and both wouldn’t stop until they were finished and at camp. The hornless man stopped tensing every time Adaar directed the Ursaad with his legs, which he had been trying to do minimally, so either his leg had stopped hurting so much or the hornless man stopped caring that it did. 

Trap thirteen itself had been triggered, but there was nothing in the net and no damage done to it, so it must have been triggered by an animal small enough to fit through the holes. Adaar did what he always did in that case—reset the trap and circle the area for darkspawn tracks just in case. It was unlikely that they’d be up that far north with the amount of scouts Adaar had found in traps one through six, but darkspawn were too big a threat to assume. 

The hornless man started to shift and squirm shortly after Adaar had visited fourteen—also sans darkspawn—and the heavy hand Adaar had placed on his thigh to get him to stop had only made things worse. The hornless man had jumped, and then push Adaar’s hand off with a dirty look sent over his shoulder. 

“Be still,” Adaar said, sounding as exasperated as he felt, not that the hornless man would understand him. It was difficult to control an Ursaad with so much movement in the saddle, and Adaar wasn’t too keen on having a body wriggling in his lap. 

The hornless man shot something back, and he held as much venom in his voice as Adaar did exasperation. Adaar could only sigh and shift back farther in the hopes that the movement against his hips would prevent at least one problem. The Ursaad was jerking on her reins with slightly more energy, but it felt more like a tired sort of mischief rather than an actual problem at the moment; she’d been well trained. 

At least it was only a short while to the fifteenth trap, and Adaar had never been so ready to check a trap. It was just as empty as the last few, and finally, finally he could head to camp and sleep. 

Adaar rushed back quickly to the Ursaad after a quick look around the trap site; the faster he got onto the Ursaad, the faster he got to camp, and the Ursaad probably still had enough energy for Adaar to push her a little. When he rounded the large rock that marked the path, he paused. The hornless man was half out of the saddle and pressed very tightly against the Ursaad, arms wrapped around her as far as they would go and face against her fur. He was very still, a little too still. Adaar carefully reached back for an arrow and scanned the area, tensed and ready to roll if there was something out there. 

The Ursaad grunted a little and flicked her ear to shake off an insect, too at ease for there to be danger, and Adaar saw a gentle rise in the hornless one’s chest, and Adaar breathed out his urgency. Something was wrong with the hornless one, but it wasn’t darkspawn. Adaar replaced the arrow in his quiver and shifted his weight onto one leg. He wanted to get the hornless one’s attention, but Adaar felt awkward at the prospect of making a loud enough noise to catch it. 

He decided on a grunt and stepping as hard as he could on a nearby branch to make a solid snap. The hornless one’s chest rose and fell again before he slowly turned his face to Adaar—not a movement for someone who’d fallen asleep in the saddle and then startled awake when they started to fall, like Adaar had assumed had happened—and the look on his face was not exhaustion nor fear, but desperation. 

The hornless man said something, both his voice and face pinched, but Adaar was already on his way over, confusion swirling in his belly. Adaar hooked his bow onto his
of ride, huh?” Bull said just soft enough that only Edric heard, though Edric did hold his breath for a few seconds just in case.  


Bull palmed him once, twice, and then caught the head of Edric’s dick in the slit between his middle and ring fingers and pressed close. It felt so good that Edric had to bite his lip to keep his deep groan from escaping, and he flung his free hand out to grasp at the meat of Bull’s thigh. 

Bull did it again, this time joining the movement with a long grind of his hips that sent his hardening cock bumping against Edric’s asscrack, and the harsh breath Edric sent through his nose was so close to being a moan instead. 

“How long before you slip up, before you can’t stop yourself and you end up announcing to them how much this turned you on,” Bull said, and he punctuated it with another thrust. He was almost completely erect now, and Edric was caught between his hand and his cock, unsure of what he wanted to be against more. 


They’d fucked like this once, minus the nuggalope. More than once, really. Bull’s cock against Edric’s ass and his hands worshiping Edric’s thighs, his cock, while Bull whispered dirty nothings into the room because he couldn’t bend down far enough to reach his ear and fuck against him at the same time.


Edric felt raw, exposed in the gritty open air, and his dick was throbbing against the inside of his leather pants. He wanted nothing more than to feel Bull’s hand against him, feel the heat and tendons shift as he brought Edric closer and closer to mindlessness, feel his hot cock against his bare ass and every knotted scar across Bull’s hips that went with it. 

He was aware of Dorian and Sera aimlessly chatting, aware of Bull responding to them sometimes too because of the deep rumble against the back of Edric’s head, but he couldn’t hear anything over his own pants and every shift of Bull’s muscles around him. He was completely encased by Bull, and Edric felt like he was drowning in it. 

“I’ve got oil in the satchel—the right kind of oil,” Bull said above him, soft enough that Edric knew that was only for him and that he should listen to it. Bull’s hand slid of Edric’s cock and around his waist so Bull could tuck a finger down the back of Edric’s pants, and Edric nearly voiced his complaints. 

“So do you wanna?” Bull asked, and punctuated it with a slight press to Edric’s ass. 


Only Bull would keep ass-fucking oils within reach while riding a horse—nuggalope. Edric would’ve laughed if he hadn’t been so lost in Bull, so ready for exactly what those oils were suggesting. 

“Yeah,” Edric said breathily. “Yeah, definitely,” he repeated, and Bull gave another sharp thrust against Edric’s ass as a thank you, or an a-okay captain—Edric was never sure which but he loved it regardless. 


Bull leaned back and pulled his hand out of Edric’s pants, presumably to reach the satchel hanging off the back of the saddle, and Edric hadn’t realized how much he’d been resting on him until he nearly fell backwards with him. 

Bull made a noise of recognition, and said “Kadan, turn around and face me.” Then he gave Edric a gentle slap against his thigh as if to say ‘hop to it,’ and Edric felt the bottle of oil beneath one of Bull’s fingers and his thigh. 

Edric nodded, then grabbed Bull’s wrist and one of his thighs for balance as he lifted up. It wasn’t easy moving, but they managed it, and Bull didn’t drop Edric or the oil. 

He landed on top of Bull’s cock—hard and pressing right behind Edric’s balls—and Edric nearly squirmed right off of Bull’s lap from the spark of pleasure that send to his toes. Bull put his hand right on Edric’s ass and pushed him forward so he was flush against Bull’s chest, which was even better. 

“There’s more room in the saddle this way,” Bull said, but it was much to loud to be aimed at Edric, so Edric pressed himself closer and tried to keep his heart from leaping too high into his throat. 


He couldn’t see, didn’t know if Dorian or Sera or both were turned back around yet, but Bull’s hand was moving into the back of Edric’s pants, fingers slick with oil. 

“We’re lucky your armor has that long-ass butt flap,” Bull said, and he let go of the reigns entirely to lift Edric up and shove his pants down to mid-thigh in one go. Bull’s hand was back on the reigns before Edric had fully realized what happened to him, but Bull’s manhandling tended to take Edric into an area of his
one of Edric’s fingers once or twice before settling it in his lap. 

"Nah, I'm just thinking," Bull said, just as nonchalant as he ever was, but Edric's hands were on him; he could feel the tension coiled under Bull's skin. "The humans can believe whatever the hell they want—Andraste, that Vint dragon shit, Avvar sky mother crap—doesn't make them less human." 

Bull was acting blasé faire, like he was commenting on the color of the stone Andraste was made of and not human religion (well, human religion was about as interesting to Edric as the stone Andraste was made of), but Edric was young, not stupid. He could tell Bull had been worrying this for a while. 

Edric pressed further forward, pushing his chest against Bull's back in a way he hoped conveyed comfort because Edric was so bad at this, at being a rock in the way Bull so often was for him, and slid his hands down Bull's chest. He tapped out a nervous beat against his pecs, and immediately wanted to slam his forehead against something because who did that, who comforted someone by drumming on them? 

Bull audibly drew in a deep breath, and Edric pressed a soft kiss to the back of his head. 

“You’re like me,” Edric said softly, not sure where he was going but knew he needed to say something. Bull sat still, listening, and Edric pulled himself closer to Bull by the hands on his chest. “Dwarves have all that ancestor and stone stuff but hell, I’d die underground. Got stone sense for shit and the only time I’ve ever heard lyrium was that time we were in Therinfall Redoubt and the whole place was stuffed so full of red lyrium it nearly turned into one of those behemoth things. I’m a dwarf, but shit, I feel like a short human sometimes.” 


Edric sucked in his bottom lip, feeling like he’d just vomited all over Bull. He and Sera already started a party called “our people don’t like us so we’ll stick them with an arrow-slash-dagger,” but hell, he really didn’t know what Bull was going through. 

Bull tilted his head to the side, like he wanted to turn and look at Edric but knew he’d slam his horns into Edric’s face if he tried. “That make me a horned human, or your noble steed?” he asked, but the humor in his voice sounded forced even to Edric. 

“I don’t think bulls are steeds for anyone but dirty farmers,” Edric said, because fuck. He wasn’t equipped to deal with feelings any other way than an explosion, and Edric could deflect talks with humor like the best of them, like Bull. 


“Heh,” Bull said, a single, forced huff of laughter, and then he sighed, resigned. “It’s not the same—you being a dwarf. You weren’t born in Orzammar. You didn’t turn your back on your people and everything you know to come to the surface. You aren’t a disappointment.” 


Edric froze, then swallowed deeply. Everything he experienced from his sister, his parents bubbled up at that word, disappointment, and he wanted to shout and hit until his body didn’t feel so tense and raw, but no, this wasn’t about him. He bit down the comments about Orzammar, about how shit they were to the casteless until they came up and were forced to join the Carta because there was nothing else, no support for dwarves and even the surface dwarves from a good caste in Orzammar didn’t give two shits about them; swallowed down the ones about his family, how good they and the Carta were; and let every feeling he had about being disappointment, a screw-up sit in his stomach and digest. 

“Yeah, but you knew,” Edric said, voice barely a whisper. “You were Tal-Vashoth in all but name only before you joined the inquisition, nearly were before that when you turned yourself in for reeducation. You’re Tal-Vashoth, Bull, and there’s no sense in dwelling in what someone or something else thinks you should be.”

Bull was quiet, and for a moment Edric wished he believed in all that Andraste shit because he needed her to fall over and drill a hole into the ground with her statue tits so Edric could fall into it. At least he’d be less likely to fuck up Bull down there. 

“I don’t know anything about Tal-vashoth except for what you’ve told me, and you’re you, Bull,” Edric said. “Not those kid murdering shitheads, or whatever…” 


Fuck. Bull was still quiet, still tense under Edric’s hands. Edric’s forehead fell softly against the back of Bull’s head. 

“A-and if you’re scared you’ll turn into that, you’ve got me, got Krem, got your
of staring without comprehension, and Varaad let out a quiet sigh. He lifted a hand to rub at his tired eyes in the vain hope that he’d be able to at least make a dent in his backlog.

There was a timid knock on his door, and Varaad dropped his hand from his eyes and blinked away the stars. 

“Come in,” he called out, and was completely unsurprised to see one of Leliana’s scouts shuffle into the room; of his companions Dorian was generally the only to visit him, and he was prone to dramatic entrances, and after being hounded by his advisors for so long, Varaad was very good at recognizing which knocks were theirs. 

The scout glanced around the room quickly as she stepped towards Varaad’s desk before drawing his attention towards the letter in her hands. “Message for you, Ser,” she said simply, and passed it off to Varaad’s open hand.

The parchment was heavy against his palm, and had a design decorating its edges that Varaad knew fairly well at this point—it was from his own desk. 

“Who is this from?” 

“Serah Pavus, Ser.” 

Dorian? Varrad shifted his grip on the parchment, and eyed it more closely. “Why couldn’t he have given this to me himself?” he asked, not bothering to try and hide the confusion and concern coloring his voice. They’d been together that morning, before Varaad had looked at the pile of papers on his desk and sighed, and Dorian had laughed his way out of the room to give Varaad quiet. Nothing had seemed out of the ordinary then. 

The scout moved her arms behind her back and looked like she’d rather be anywhere but there, but she maintained eye contact. “I thought you knew, Ser. Left for Tevinter this morning after breaking fast, and asked me to pass on this letter.”

The scout shrunk back suddenly, and Varaad realized he’d stood up to his full height. His instinct was to apologize, but instead he sat back down stiffly and tried to blink back the tears prickling his eyes; an upset Qunari was just as much a joy to be around as a threatening one. 

“Please tell Bull, Cole, and Vivienne to be ready to leave shortly,” Varaad said quietly. Dorian couldn’t have gone far if he’d left that morning. 

The scout bowed and left quickly. 

The door shut with a soft click behind her, and Varaad let out a tight breath. His heart was racing, and nothing but the worst thoughts ran through his head. They’d talked about Dorian returning before, and it couldn’t have been a break-up letter since Dorian hadn’t pulled back his affections, so perhaps this was nothing. Even though he hadn’t said goodbye. 

Varaad turned his eyes towards at the parchment crumpled in his hand, and and slowly released his hand from their clenched fists. He smoothed it out with care, and unfolded it before he could persuade himself otherwise.



My Dear Amatus,

Please don’t come after me; I’m strong but I’ll admit I’m not very good at patching my heart back together after tearful goodbyes, hence this letter. It’s an unfortunate flaw in my otherwise perfect self. If you come I’m not sure I’ll have the strength to leave your side again, and I need to.

As I’m sure you’ve found out, I’m heading back to Tevinter. We’ve talked about this so hopefully I haven’t surprised you too badly with the suddenness, and I really am sorry about that, but this is something I must do. I love Tevinter but it needs to change. I need to change it, because I’m afraid no one else will. 


    Now please don’t make that face I’m sure you are—the one with the sad mabari eyes (yes, you disgusting southerners have managed to make me like those smelly things), and the little wrinkle between your eyebrows you get when you're upset and want to fix something. You know you can’t come too, no matter how much you and I might want you to. I mean, could you imagine the scandal? That altus Dorian of house Pavus bringing his savage qunari boyfriend, and the inquisitor no less, to try and change Tevinter. And I know I know, you’re as much as savage as overcooked bread is, but I’m sure we could’ve made that sweet little face of yours look frightening somehow. Maybe an eyepatch. But alas, you belong in Skyhold with the Inquisition. You’re not done, and I’m certainly not, so this is how it has to be for now. If Leliana and that hero of Ferelden have made it so long in separation, so can we. 
  


    I know you’ll want to keep tabs on me, and trust me when I say nothing will make me feel safer, so I asked Leliana to before you could. She helped plan my route into Tevinter, and