to Tommy's bedroom in a haze of lips and tongue and teeth, with Noh-Varr moaning and groaning and whining as loudly as possible. He didn't really get a look at the room, because Tommy practically flung him down on the bed, and climbed up on top of him, straddling his hips.

“Finally.”

Tommy nuzzled his neck, and then Noh-Varr felt a sharp, piercing pain. “What – what are you doing?”

“Don't worry about it,” Tommy said, his voice filled with lust. Noh-Varr could feel blood sliding down his neck, and tried hard not to panic. He had said he'd do anything, he just really hadn't pegged Tommy as a bloodplay guy.

Tommy started lapping at the blood, making little grunts of pleasure. Noh-Varr could feel Tommy's erection pressed up against his hip as Tommy made slow thrusts against him. He felt dizzy. How badly had Tommy bitten him anyway?

He tried to move, but Tommy was a lot stronger than he looked – strong enough to keep Noh-Varr down, even with his Kree abilities that usually allowed him to fuck humans without fear. The wound in his neck throbbed with not-quite-pain, and Tommy was panting in pleasure, licking along his neck in slow, erotic strokes, making sure not to lose a single drop of blood. Fuck, he was going to pass out. Tommy's lips pressed against the wound, and he gave a powerful suck, and Noh-Varr could actually feel the blood leaving his body. He gave a little whimper, and everything went black.

xxx

 

He woke up, still in Tommy's bed, but now sticky with sweat and achy and with a pounding headache. His ass wasn't sore, so nothing had happened there after he'd passed out, but his neck was throbbing in time with his migraine. Tommy was lying next to him, his head on Noh-Varr's chest, apparently listening to him breathe.

“What the hell?”

Tommy looked up at him and grinned again, this time showing off enormous canines that glittered in the candlelight that was flickering on the bedside table. How the hell had he missed those before? He'd faced vampires before, in other dimensions, but he hadn't known that they were a power that was still alive and thriving on Earth. Or that Thomas Maximoff, of the Maximoffs, who were reportedly richer than god, was one.

“How are you feeling?” The vampire asked him.

“Tired. Dizzy.”

“I got you some water. You should probably get up and eat something, too. I didn't realize how dehydrated you were. Sorry.” He almost sounded sheepish.

“...so you're not going to kill me, then?”

“No! Why would I do that?”

Noh-Varr just stared at him.

“Ugh. Seriously, that would be an enormous waste. I could say it's because I don't want to kill anyone, and yeah, I suppose that's part of it. I mean, I wouldn’t have wanted to kill anyone when I was alive. Now it doesn't really bother me much, except that Billy freaks out, and it's a serious pain in the ass to get rid of the bodies. But besides all that, why feed off someone once and then kill them when you can keep them alive? That's just basic.”

“...you're strange.”

Tommy just kept smiling, and handed him a large glass of water. Noh-Varr drank it down and laid back down on the bed. Tommy was kissing him again, up and down Noh-Varr's naked chest. Noh-Varr didn't even know when he'd lost his shirt, but honestly, what was he supposed to say? He hadn't even been fucked yet, so he still had money to earn. So what if his client was a vampire? He'd been hurt before, degraded, beaten, and humiliated by normal humans. Tommy hadn't been cruel; he'd drunk Noh-Varr's blood, but he was almost...gentle. If he was still going to pay him, and wasn't going to kill him, Noh-Varr couldn't really complain.

“So...now what?” Noh-Varr asked, warily.

“Now you come down to the kitchen with me and get a snack. I drank about a pint of your blood, which isn't enough to really hurt you, but it is enough to make you tired and dizzy. You'll feel better if you eat something.”

Noh-Varr propped himself up on one arm. “And after that?”

“Well. I did bring you home to have sex with. So we could come back to bed and see what happens.” He kept grinning, straight through the cheesy lines. Noh-Varr wondered if Tommy knew how to do anything but grin.

“I'm still
't remember ever having sex with you. But we – weren't we together? Or did my head fuck that up, too?/

Steve had to blink back tears. He honestly hadn't thought Bucky would remember. They'd been very discreet; it wasn't like there was much in the history books to trigger Bucky's memory.

“Yeah. Yeah we've – we were together for a long time.”

/Then why don't I remember having sex with you?/


 “Do you 

want


 to have sex with me?”





 Bucky bit his lip, like he wasn't sure what he was supposed to say. “I...


would


.”



Steve swallowed. “But do you want to?”

“I don't know Steve, half the time I don't even want to eat. Stop being edgy and just tell me what's on your mind already!”

“You're asexual Bucky. Well, I mean you were. I don't know what you are now, you're supposed to discover that for yourself. That's what Sam says.”

“I'm asexual?”

“...yeah. I um. I am too, actually. It's part of why we got together.”

“You're asexual? But you're so – everything. Everyone makes eyes at you.”

“Have you seen pictures of me before the serum? No one looked at me then. Besides, just because someone wants to have sex with me doesn't mean I'm required to oblige them.”

“I can say no,” Bucky repeated by rote. He didn't always remember what it meant.

“Yes, you can.”

“So...what did we do? If we didn't have sex? That seems like all anyone talks about.”

“Well, we didn't do anything in public, obviously. I got beaten up as it was. But at home we cuddled and slept next to each other at night, and kissed sometimes. Mostly I just liked being next to you.”

“Were we happy?”

“Yeah. We were.”

Bucky nodded, and then relaxed against Steve, breathing in the scent of him. He nuzzled up under Steve's chin and sighed in pleasure. He didn't say a word for the rest of the day.

Both Sam and Bucky's therapist suggested Bucky find a positive outlet for his energy. Bucky didn't like to do much. He absolutely refused to get up before noon for anything. He liked soft things, and curling up to read in the sun. He read anything he could get his hands on in English, French, German, or Russian. He read novels and speculative fiction and satire, research material and textbooks. He worked out to keep in shape, pushing himself brutally until Steve made him stop or he collapsed from exhaustion.

Bucky did not like eating, unless it involved chocolate. He hated therapy and doctor's visits, though he didn't mind visiting Tony's workshop and talking about his arm. He didn't like it when Steve had to leave on a mission and someone came to stay with him. If he had to have a babysitter, he preferred Darcy, letting her talk at him for hours.

None of those activities really helped Bucky burn off energy positively, and Steve was despairing that they'd find anything Bucky liked. Bucky wasn't allowed out of the tower, and didn't want to leave in any case. He was convinced the moment he left, Hydra would reclaim him, and nothing anyone said would persuade him otherwise.

Steve came home from a brutal three-day mission to find Darcy sitting on the couch, knitting yet another brightly colored sweater for Bucky. Darcy had an unhealthy obsession with knitting, and Bucky liked soft things and was cold a lot, and the result was that he had at least a dozen brightly colored sweaters, hats and scarves all knit in cheerful, soft yarn. He looked ridiculous when he was scowling at the world while wearing a sunshine yellow hat, rainbow scarf, and bright blue sweater, but he did it anyway.

Bucky was no where to be seen.

“Is Bucky asleep?”

“What? Oh, no, he went up to the roof.”

“And you didn't stop him?!” Steve dropped his bag and shield and sprinted back out into the elevator. He'd have run but it was nearly twenty floors, and JARVIS could get him there faster.

“Rooftop JARVIS – hurry!”

“Of course, Captain. May I state that Sargent Barnes isn't currently exhibiting suicidal behavior?”

“I need to see him.”

Bucky had only tried to kill himself once, with a kitchen knife. He'd slashed his vein from his wrist to his elbow in a precise gouge, and if Steve hadn't found him in time, he would have bled out. It had scared the hell out of him.

Steve wasn't sure what he'd been expecting on the roof, but it wasn't Bucky on his
. You don't think they went AWOL too, do you?”

“Wufei would never.” Heero dismissed the idea.

“Do you want to give him a call? The line will be secure. And even if it isn't, ours is.”

“If Duo can write a sixteen layer shifting algorithm encryption and not use a secure line, I'm not going to be friends with him any more.”

Trowa smiled, and pulled out his slim, black, untraceable phone. Heero had completely re-wired the electronics for everyone in the circus, ensuring lower energy draws, lower payments, and completely secure conversation. Trowa and Heero weren't the only fugitives in the circus.

Heero took it and activated the scrambling sequence before typing in the number on the screen. It rang twice before it was picked up by a familiar voice.

“Shinigami speaking.”

“This is Wing. Tell me, Shinigami, How are the beaches on L2 at this time of year?”

Trowa could practically see the smile on Duo's face. “Give me a minute to double check my security Wing, and then maybe I can see that ugly mug of yours?”

There were some rustling sounds, a curse, and then the hum of more electronics starting up. Then their phone blinked with the request to establish a video connection. Heero set the phone down on their coffee table, enabled the speakers, and opened the connection. The phone emitted a holographic projection that put Duo's face at their eye level. Their old friend looked good – a little broader in the shoulders, a little tired, with a day's worth of stubble on his face, but overall, good. Being in a relationship apparently agreed with him.

“Fuck guys, it's good to see you.” Duo grinned broadly. “And Tro is there. I wasn't sure. I couldn't dig too deep – didn't wanna leave a trail for anyone to follow.”

“So you are looking for him in an unofficial capacity.” Trowa confirmed, his hand tightening protectively on Heero shoulder.

“I wouldn't rat you guys out!” Duo seemed genuinely hurt. “I'm only finishing my contract cuz Fei wants me to. Six more months and we're out of here.”

A tired voice carried from somewhere in the background, “Duo, who are you screaming at? It's three in the morning.”

Duo turned, towards what was presumably their bedroom. “Heero and Trowa. Come and say hi, babe!”

An angry mutter was his only reply. Duo shrugged, and picked up his own phone, carrying it into their bedroom and putting it down in front of an irritable Chinese man. Wufei had grown his hair out, and was attempting to sleep with it unbound, so when he looked up at the phone it hung in his eyes. It was actually sort of adorable, if you could use that term for a deadly martial artist.

Wufei scowled into the phone and said, “So you're together then? About damn time.”

Heero colored in embarrassment, but came right back with, “What news did you have Duo? You know its risky to be in contact with us.”

“You haven't told them yet? What have you been talking about?” Wufei asked moodily.

“Go back to sleep babe. I'll go tell them, I promise.” Duo smoothed back his hair, and gave him a kiss before going back into the other room, shutting the bedroom door behind him quietly.

“Right.” Duo said, clearing his throat. “We're um. What I mean is um. Fei uh. Wufei proposed. To me. Um. We're getting married three weeks after our Preventers contract is up.”

Heero looked genuinely surprised. But then his face lit up with a smile that even Trowa rarely got to see. “I'm happy for you.”

Trowa knew that before they'd gotten together, Heero had had a serious crush on Duo. He hadn't known how to express it then, but he'd pursued Duo in his own way for years. Trowa was probably the only one who knew that Heero had gone into the soldier program to get away from Duo and Wufei's open, apparent happiness without him. Wufei hadn't stolen Duo – Duo had asked him out. And neither of them had recognized Heero's carefully buried feelings. The only reason Trowa had known was because he harbored similar secret feelings for Heero.

“We really want you and Trowa to be there.” Duo said softly.

Heero's face fell. “You know I can't, Duo.”

“Actually, that's something else I wanted to talk to you about.”

Trowa sat up, alert and wary. He tucked two fingers into Heero's collar to keep him from bolting, but he could feel Heero's muscles tense underneath him. He didn't want to have to pack up everything, leave his family and friends, and disappear, but he would. He would do
darting away. He wiped away spit – Tim's spit – from his mouth with the back of his hand and cried, almost hysterically, “What the hell is going on?!”

Tim had made this little grunt when Kon had dropped him, rolling away less gracefully than he normally would, but Kon hadn't really noticed because he'd been busy freaking out. Tim pushed himself to his feet and said, “Why did you drop me?”

“I was kissing you!”

Tim rolled his eyes. “Yes...”

“And I didn't want to!”

Now he smirked. “Didn't you though?”

“I – I - “ And he thought about it, and he did want to kiss Tim. Really badly. He wanted to kiss him and grope him and run his hand up the inside curve of Tim's muscular thigh. He wanted to know if dick tasted different then pussy, and if Tim had brought lube because he really wanted to fuck him.

“What did you do to me?!”

“I'd say that I had Warlock turn you gay...” Tim said slyly.

A horrified strangling noise made its way out of his throat.

“But then I'd have to share you so of course that's a dirty, dirty lie.”

Kon would have breathed a sigh of relief, but he found himself kissing Tim again instead.

It wasn't like Tim wasn't a good kisser. Well, he'd really only kissed Cassie, and that was pretty nice, but Tim's kisses were harder and more aggressive and full of tongue. Kon was enjoying it despite himself. When he finally managed to pull away, he hissed,

“You had Warlock put a spell on me? Why didn't you have him grow back your eye instead?!”

Tim shrugged. “I can get a cybernetic replacement for the eye. I can't get another Kryptonian fucktoy.”

“I am not going to fuck you!” Kon insisted hotly, and then realized he was firmly groping Tim's ass. It was a very nice ass.

“Aren't you? I've been carrying lube in my pocket for weeks.”

“You little shit.”

Kon tackled Tim to the ground, but instead of bashing Tim's head into the pavement, he flipped around, hitting the ground himself and Tim landing on top of him, straddling his hips. His hands were on Tim's ass and his cock was hard and aching and he was seriously pissed off. Well. He would be, if he wasn't so damn horny.

Tim hissed in pain when Kon dug his fingers into Tim's hip.

“What's wrong with you?” Kon snapped. He was the one who was suffering here, dammit.

“Got shot a couple days ago. Surprised you didn't know. You've been stalking me. Oh – were you busy rubbing one out? Will said that might happen.”

“You're such a little bitch, Drake.”

“Only for you.” Tim smirked again, and flexed his hips so they ground down onto Kon's erection. “Now fuck me. I know you want to.”

Kon thought about denying it. Just leaving Tim there and flying off and begging Cassie to at least let him eat her out if she wouldn't let him fuck her. Normally he took out his sexual frustrations on Mordred but not fucking a guy was kind of the point right now.

His TTK hadn't waited for his brain to make a decision because they were already both mostly naked when he realized that, yes, this was happening and he'd have to find a way to kill Will later but for now he was going to fuck Tim. Once that was settled, he was pulling Tim up to his mouth and swallowing Tim's cock, and yes, pussy tasted different than cock but it was still good, and all those sounds Tim was making just fueled his lust. He knew he was going to regret this later. You could sort of argue you were straight if you just fucked a guy. A hole was a hole after all. And Tim fucking him totally hadn't counted. That was under duress and fuck Owls anyways.

But once you put a guy's dick in your mouth, you were a fag and there wasn't any going back from that. Kon knew that, and somehow, as he sucked on Tim's dick, and swallowed it down his throat, he really couldn't bring himself to care.

He felt Tim tense with the beginning of an orgasm and pulled off instantly. Tim moaned, his hands gripping Kon's shoulders, his right eye half closed in pleasure while the left side of his mask stared at him blankly through white out lenses. “There is no way in hell you're coming before I do.” Kon snapped. “Where's your fucking lube?”

Tim smiled triumphantly and fished around in his utility belt. He handed the little screw top bottle to Kon, who shook his head. “You do
memories back to you, if you want.




 ...can choose?




 Yes.




 Can...say no?




 If you want to. I'm not here to force you to do anything.


 Still cage.  The asset said grumpily, pushing against the wall it couldn't see.


You know what would happen if I let you out.


Finish the mission. The thought was unbidden, and the asset pushed it away with a snarl. It didn't want to do that. It had a choice, Acelain had said so.


 No...should...stay here. Until. Until not asset.



 You'd like to not be an asset any more?




 Not want! Am. Just. Just am.



 The asset stood and turned away. It didn't want to do this any more.


Are you done for today?


 The asset still didn't dare actually say anything, regardless of what Acelain had said about choices. So it didn't respond, instead, and walked over to its bed and laid down, facing away from them.


Alright. I'll leave you alone for a few days. Would it be okay if Steve visited you later?


What happened to you? I joined the army. Whispers of memory, and a sharp longing.


 Yes.


Comments really help me keep going!  <3 <3 <3

Warnings: This chapter Bucky recalls his former self.  There's panic attacks and warnings for Hydra, language of course, and well, most everything that's in the tags.  But we're at the cusp of things improving!!

There's a Darcy cameo here.  I love her.  :3


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

“Bucky!”


 “Hang on!”



 “Grab my hand!”



 “

No!!

”


 “Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!” The swift feeling of vertigo, wind biting into him, the terror of knowing he was going to die, and then the landing; pain everywhere. And then cold, so, so cold, it would never leave him. And then nothing, delirium. Until he was found.

 At first – hope. He'd been found. Of course Steve would look for him, he never should have doubted it. And then despair, when he saw the uniform. It wasn't Steve.


 And then, only agony.


The asset woke with a jolt. He – he had a name. James Buchanan Barnes. Bucky. He was a person. He'd known that, or at least, been aware that his captors – Steve thought that. But he hadn't really known he was a person. It hadn't connected with him until now.

Steve was alive now. That had been the worst thing, the thing that had absolutely shattered him during his captivity. Steve had died. He'd been shown the news articles. He'd been forced to listen the memorial broadcast over and over. Steve had died, and he was alone.

But Steve hadn't died, or aged, and he was here, he was alive. And Bucky had almost killed him. Just the thought of it ate at him, twisted his stomach with nausea even though he hardly ever got sick. He just wanted to curl up and die. He'd almost killed Steve.

There wasn't a reprieve to digest this revelation or try to deal with the guilt. Today was a therapy day, and Acelain appeared, as they always did, right on time. The glass slid away, Acelain sat down in the lotus pose, and waited for Bucky to acknowledge them.

Bucky wasn't sure he wanted to. It was easier just to lay here and stare at the wall.

But Acelain was a telepath, and avoiding them didn't really work, because after enough time had passed, there was the familiar voice in his head,


Do you feel like talking today?


He wanted to say no. He wanted to say no so desperately, but instead what he said was, “Do you think I could take a shower? Or a bath. Yeah. Not a shower.”


You've recovered a sense of self, then.


“I'm not better, if that's what you're implying.”


No, I didn't think so. Especially since you're refusing to talk mind to mind with me. That implies you don't actually want to share what you're thinking.


He didn't. “You said I could say no.”


You can. Let me see about bathing arrangements. And perhaps fresh clothing?


Bucky was abruptly aware of how badly he stank, and how stiff the clothing he wore was. He had no idea how much time he'd lost between when he'd recognized Steve on the bridge and now. Since he'd shot him and now.

“Yes. Please.”

And he wasn't better, because even that simple act of asking for something made his whole body cringe, expecting to be beaten. He had gotten his sense of self back, but that didn't make
clicks shut, they are all over each other.

“I need you. Now.” Dorrek hisses, sliding into his native tongue.

Noh-Varr is already on his knees and unbuckling Dorrek's belt because in this, as everything, he always knows what Dorrek needs before Dorrek himself does. “Then have me, my Emperor.” And he deep throats him in one swift movement.

“Sweet Empress, your mouth.”

Noh-Varr hums around him, his throat muscles vibrating and massaging and it's just fucking amazing. Not that his mouth isn't always good, or that Noh-Varr doesn't always give a good blow job, but when he is aroused like this, it is always so much better. Noh-Varr's throat just – changes or something. He doesn't really understand Kree biology as well as he should, but the humming involved in the mating dance actually changes the way Noh-Varr's throat works. It gets tighter, produces more saliva, and he gets very vocal. He hums and purrs and groans around Dorrek's dick and it's amazing.

Noh-Varr keeps Dorrek hovering on the edge of completion long past the point that Dorrek would have had to stop himself due to an aching jaw and sore knees, yet Noh-Varr shows no discomfort and all pleasure. Whether it is true or not, Noh-Varr always makes him feel like the Kree exists solely to please him, his every action tailored to Dorrek's pleasure. Finally, finally, Noh-Varr swallows him deeply, purposefully massaging his cock deep in his throat and Dorrek comes with a short, sharp grunt and a gasp of pleasure, and Noh-Varr takes it like he always does.

Once Dorrek is finished, Noh-Varr licks the remains of the mess from Dorrek's soft cock and turns his head into Dorrek's thigh, panting softly. Dorrek doesn't have to look to see that Noh-Varr still hasn't come. He won't, until Dorrek says he can. He'd once tested Noh-Varr's control over his body, and had fucked him for an entire month without allowing the Kree release, until he'd been unable to continue the experiment further. Noh-Varr probably could have continued, but morally, Dorrek hadn't been able to. Since then, he's always made sure to allow Noh-Varr his pleasure, knowing he won't take it without permission. It's still fun to make him wait though, and this is hardly the last time they'll fuck that evening.

“Good boy,” he says softly, and pats Noh-Varr's head. His servant grins, taking great pride in a job well done.

All of the candles in the room and the fireplace burst into life, flames leaping out from nothing. Dorrek starts, and turns to look at the fireplace and sees William sitting there, on the arm of a huge stuffed chair. He's clapping, his eyes bright, his grin lewd and feral. Thomas is sitting in the chair, one arm around William's thigh, his head propped in William's lap. William's hand in his hair is a clear sign of ownership. Dorrek is stunned. William doesn't look at all like the delicate flower from before. His eyes reflect starlight and Dorrek wonders how he ever mistook the raw power for submission.

Noh-Varr isn't flustered at all. Dorrek wonders if he knew they were there; Noh-Varr's sense of smell and sight are better than his own, though Dorrek is by far the stronger of the two. He calmly does Dorrek's pants up, buckles his belt, and then turns towards the princes before slowly wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, his eyes lidded, his every movement screaming that he's ready to be used again. He doesn't get up, just lays his head back between Dorrek's legs where he can breathe in the scent of him and still watch the twins.

“Your servant is fascinating, Dorrek-Vell. Wherever did you get him?”

Dorrek swallows. He wanted to catch their attention, and now that he has, he's not quite sure what to do. He thinks he would rather face battle than risk displeasing the man staring regally across the room at him.

“Noh-Varr was given to me, when we were both young. He has been mine ever since.”

“My brother and I find you both – intriguing, which is why I had Victor bring you here.”

“My mother hoped that we would catch your eye.”

“And you have, Dorrek. Will you join us in our bed?”

Noh-Varr's hand tightens around Dorrek's thigh. Apparently he finds that idea just as compelling as Dorrek does.

“Yes. Yes, we'd like that.”

Noh-Varr gets to his feet, and follows Dorrek and the twins into their bedroom. Their bed is indecently large. How they ever
could be next to an invulnerable being, and Clark wouldn't do anything because at the very least that would be breaking his word and he'd never let Lex hold that over his head. And it was his bed, dammit.

 Clark was gone when Lex woke the next morning. Hardly surprising. It wasn't like he expected the alien to stay for breakfast, though there was the distinct possibility that he'd show up again when he got off work. Possibility became certainty when he saw that the ring was gone. That was a bit surprising - Clark never took it with him.

 All of the inconsistencies had Lex on edge all day. He thought of and discarded dozens of scenarios, including clones, androids, and brainwashing. Everything else was just too similar to not have been Clark, and an android wouldn't have reacted to the kryptonite. It was more like...like they were friends again. Lex didn't know how he felt about that. He didn't do stable relationships. All his girlfriends went crazy or tried to murder him. Though - that didn't immediately rule Clark out.

 No. They didn't have a relationship. They never would have one, and Lex needed to assassinate that thought before it could lodge itself in his brain. They did not have a relationship.

 Three months later, he was trying desperately to believe that. The only other alternative was that he was falling completely, irrevocably in love with Clark Kent, and if that wasn't an open invitation to get his heart ripped to shreds he didn't know what was.

 But they were talking now. Clark spent time with him without wearing his ring, which he now kept on a chain around his neck. They'd actually gone to the opera last week for Christ's sake. Clark had defended their relationship, to Lois. Kon-el was ecstatic. It was surreal. He'd even had an acquaintance of his casually check Clark for mental tampering, because this couldn't be happening. But it was, and Lex was actually enjoying it.

 Then, seven months, twenty three days and sixteen minutes after it began - not that Lex was counting - it ended. Lex got up early, like he always did, but Clark wasn't there. On the table next to his morning coffee was an open newspaper with a note stuck to it, and the ring. There was an article circled in red, and the note said, I know you're responsible for this. It's over, Lex. I can't do this any more.

 He'd been expecting this since the day he'd found Clark had taken his ring, but it still hurt. He took a few deep breaths, and slowly lowered his head to the table. Now what? Clark had rejected him and it hadn't even been - well. Clearly to Clark's black and white morality it was completely reprehensible. But he'd had those scientists killed for a reason, and he'd do it again, even knowing what he'd lose. What they had done to Match, what they had done to his son. They didn't deserve the luxury of prison. They had tortured and killed dozens of his children, and that, in turn, was what Lex had done to them. He only wished he'd kept evidence in a way that would allow Match to see it. Hopefully Harper would describe it to him, in detail. He'd made sure to have the story run on the Braille newspaper Match read.

 His arm itched with the desire to sweep paper and coffee off the table in his anger, but he resisted, if only to preserve his suit from the coffee stains he'd certainly get on it. So what if Clark had left him? He'd expected this; planned for it even. So he drank his coffee and went to his penthouse office, where he buried himself in his work, crushing several competitors, merging at least a dozen smaller companies with his own. Even after all that he didn't really feel any better, so he pulled up his private databases and looked over his less legal work.

 Since he'd started dating Clark seriously he hadn't really touched any of his more dubious projects—weapons manufacturing, less than legal medical experimentation, working with Kryptonite. Most of the work was sadly out of date, and he spent the day organizing and updating his files, while his anger and hurt built up in the back of his brain like a cesspit of negative feelings. At least one of the weapons he'd designed against Superman had promise; he'd learned a lot more about Clark after spending so much time with him. And now that they weren't together, using all that knowledge was fair game. While the thought of punishing Clark by laying off a few thousand people had a certain appeal – Clark couldn't stand it when his actions hurt others – Lex wanted more than that. He wanted violence and blood and above all, he