fingers fidget uncomfortably on the arm of the chair.

“Spock. You woke me up early on my day off. Explain.” Jim crosses his arms and waits.

Spock sighs quietly. “I apologize for the interruption Captain.”

Jim waits some more.

Spock sighs again. “As you may have noticed, Captain, it has been a year since the destruction of Vulcan, and the death of my mother.” Jim rolls his eyes. He's noticed. “As is Vulcan custom, I, and all other Vulcans, have let my hair grow uncut as a sign of mourning.”

Jim nods. He'd noticed them all getting a bit shaggy, but hadn't wanted to say anything. It wasn't his business unless it interfered with regulations, and it hadn't yet.

“However,” Spock continues, “after the initial year has passed, we are required to return to our customary style, with the exception of one lock of hair, which is maintained as a symbol of continued grief. I do not find myself capable of cutting my own hair satisfactorily whilst leaving one lock unshorn. Thus, I ask you to do it.”

Kirk frowns. “Surely the barber would do a better job than I can?”

Spock stills. “Jim." He pauses, and Jim can barely make out what he says next. "...it must be done by family.”


5) “Love Minus Zero/ No Limits”- Bob Dylan



San Francisco, CA, Earth. 2147 hours


It's the first day of a five day conference. It coincided so neatly with their scheduled return to Earth for their end-of-first-year debriefing that there was no hope of Jim getting out of it. He sighs into his beer. A full day of lectures on new technology, debriefing techniques, diplomatic incursions, how-not-to-treat-any-crew-you-might-ever-be-attracted-to. Then the endless dinner with its infinite variations on impressive silverware, unrecognizable dishes, and shades of polite bullshit.

Fortunately at least some of the other captains had felt similarly, and so he found himself happily tagging along with a group of his rank-peers to a rather-more-reputable-than-he's-used-to bar and gleefully facing down an extremely foamy brew.

Now, however, he's regretting not going back to the hotel. Apparently this is in fact an epic bitch session, which is only getting louder as it continues. This is the safe space for captains to complain about their staff, apparently, and bully for them. Except, he doesn't have anyone to complain about. And really, isn't that a good thing?

He tunes back in briefly. The topic has moved to first officers. They chastise, they whine, they obstruct, they sabotage. Really? Mitchell's officer pulls pranks with his laundry? Not that Jim's going to argue that Mitchell doesn't deserve it, but still...

He thinks of Spock. Brilliant, reserved, loyal to a fault. Spock's eyes on his as they come to unspoken agreements, Spock fearlessly covering his back on mission after mission, Spock's voice in his ear as they faced down Nero.

He finishes his beer, drops some credits on the table, and slips out.

He's got better places to be.


6) “How Does It Make You Feel”- Air



The Enterprise, Sickbay. 1653 hours.


The beeping of the monitor is slow, but steady. This is reassuring, at least compared to the utter absence of beeps from it earlier, when Jim's heart had seized yet again post-op. Spock is willing to concede the slow as long as the steady remains.

He is unsure when the link between them formed- it may have something to do with his alternate self and his meld with the captain on Delta Vega, he is not sure. It is unconscionable that he has been so remiss in his own self-examinations that he was unaware of its presence until the accident sent spikes of primal fear stabbing through his brain, even as his body moved beyond possible speeds to his captain's side.

He thinks Jim is unaware of it. He does not intend to tell him. It is not a lie, he thinks. After all, its continuation can only benefit the captain, and therefore, the ship.

Surely it is the logical course.


7) “Do What You Wanna”- Ramsey Lewis



The Enterprise, Ambassadorial Suite. 1932 hours.


Scotty's still has paid off, Jim thinks to himself as he tosses back another one of whatever those pink concoctions of Uhura's are. And judging by the looks on the faces of the visiting delegates, he's not the only one who thinks so.

A smile flickers across his face, quicksilver and predatory. One of the delegates is wearing some very impressively and strategically attached floral decorations on the front of her costume. And, really, not much else. He sets his glass down on the bar and strides purposefully across the room.
. “I couldn’t sleep, and I thought maybe… you couldn’t either.”



The tea is cooling, but he takes a sip. Where is she, he wonders, in the room next to his? Is she lying in bed, hair spread out on the pillow as she talks to him? Sitting in one of her chairs, still in her uniform?



“...Commander?”



“Chakotay,” he replies automatically,  “no. I couldn’t sleep.”



She sighs softly, the comm faithfully rendering the quiet noise, and he thinks of her in loose pants and a shirt, leaning against the bulkhead behind him. 



“This was a bad idea,” she says, decision in her tone. “I’m sorry to have disturbed you, Commander.”



“

Wait

,” he says, putting his hand out as though she’d see it, as though she’s really here with him. “Wait. What did you need?”



There’s a long pause again, and he wonders for a moment if she closed the connection without hearing him. 



“Company, I guess,” she says finally, and he nods. 



“Would you like me to come over?” he asks, “It’s a short commute,” he adds, and chuckles. 



“No,” she says, but he can hear the amusement in her tone. “No, that’s alright, but maybe…”



“Maybe?” he prompts after a moment.



“...maybe we could just talk?” Her voice is hesitant, and this is a side of her he hasn’t met yet. It’s as captivating as all the others, he thinks, and smiles. 

Captivating

.



“What would you like to talk about, Captain?” he asks, resettling himself against the wall and taking another drink of his tea.



“Kathryn,” she says firmly, and he can’t help the skip his heart gives in his chest. It’s the first time she’s asked him to use her name, and the intimacy of it thrills him here, sparking a small glow at the center of his chest that kindles softly, fed by the echoes of her voice in his darkened quarters. 



“Kathryn,” he repeats softly, turning the word around in his mouth, feeling how the shape of it fills the space between tongue and teeth. 



He hears her shift through the comm link, the sound of fabric on skin. Is her hair up or down, he wonders. Does she braid it tightly for bed like his sister? How far down her back does it fall when it’s not tied into that impenetrable up-do?



“Are you satisfied with the duty roster?” she asks, and he shakes his head in amusement. He’s never known her to prevaricate. “Did you have any changes to suggest?”



“I think it’s fine,” he replies easily. “I noticed you’re maintaining the split of the Maquis leadership across all three shifts.”



“I think it prudent, at least for now,” she says carefully, but with no room for argument, and he shrugs.



“I think you’re right. I have no objections,” he answers calmly, “particularly as regards Seska and a few others. They are loyal to me, so far as I know, but I think not yet to you.”



“Oh, I’m aware,” she says wryly, and he smiles at her tone. How she manages to be amused at the general ongoing threat of mutiny is beyond him, but he appreciates it. “And your quarters, Co… Chakotay? How are they suiting?”



“Well,” he says rubbing a hand over his head, “I think I liked my ship better. This one’s a little impersonal.” He can almost feel her bristle across the comm link at the very idea of her ship being inferior to any other, and barely keeps from laughing. “But I’m very comfortable, thank you.”


“I trust you’ll let me know if there’s anything I can do to improve them,” she says, and he bites his tongue. Sit in them, he wants to say, be here with me. Get your scent on the couch, rearrange the tchotchkes on the shelf, leave some mark of your presence in my space. Treat it as your own, treat me as your own.


“I will,” he says, and the silence holds between them. She shuffles again after a minute, two, have passed, and he begins to worry she’ll break the link, so he asks, “how are you holding up, Captain?”, and listens as she tries to decide how to respond. 



“Kathryn,” she says again finally, and he nods. “I’m holding up fine.”



“Good,” he says, and waits. She rustles around again, and he amuses himself with the thought of her sitting through his grandfather’s meditation drills as a child. Hopeless, he thinks fondly, though she’d probably have gone on to master them by dint of sheer stubbornness
repress a smile. This was, what was the human phrase? Oh, yes- like shooting fish in a barrel.

He looked at Jim from under his eyelashes, holding the small rectilinear expansion module lightly between two fingers.

“I believe that this is all I shall be requiring from you.” He tipped his head appraisingly, and allowed the curl of lust to pool in his belly. “For the moment.” Jim’s eyes grew impossibly wider as he attempted to rationalize away the double entendre as illogical.  “What do I owe you?”

Jim waved a hand magnanimously. “Oh, don’t worry about it. People are always giving me spare parts when I fix shit for them. It’s nothing.”

Spock raised an eyebrow. This particular part was neither common nor cheap. This Jim character was more interesting than he first thought.

“Nevertheless, I insist on repayment. Perhaps…” He nearly smiled, he would not smile, “Perhaps a tour of the ship?” He fingered the part gently, metal lubricant making his fingertips gleam in the dim light. Jim’s mouth was hanging open. “Of the engine room?”

No response.

“Good. I shall expect you at 1900 hours.”

-- 

The security officer at the barbed wire gate to the construction site gave Jim a thorough once-over before glancing incredulously at his ID, making Jim suddenly overly conscious of his stained jeans and leather jacket.

“Lt. Commander Spock has left instructions for you at the main guardhouse. Down the road, third door on the right.”

The first sight that greeted him as he stepped from the turbolift was an ass. Spock’s ass, to be precise; round, firm, and sheathed in black fabric. Jim felt his mouth go dry. The muscles in the back of Spock’s thigh flexed enticingly as he leaned further down the Jeffries tube to reach for a tool. Jeans that had fit just fine this morning were suddenly too tight, and Jim reached as casually as possible to adjust himself. He coughed discreetly, not trusting his voice to work.

The legs flexed again as Spock began to climb down, the fabric sliding smoothly across the inside of his knee. Jim tore his gaze away, forcing his eyes down, and attempting to control the flush rising in his neck. An engine tour, he reminded himself, not a fucking first date. A look at mechanical bits, that's all. And if the tour guide just happens to be the fucking hottest engineer known to sentient beings anywhere, well, that just doesn't enter into it.

He raised his eyes to see the Vulcan studying him closely, his eyes dark and secretive, his lips full, and curling just slightly at the corners.

God.

He had a small smear of light blue hydraulics fluid near his left eye. Jim wanted to lick it off, slowly.

“Greetings, Jim. I am pleased to see you.”

Jim's brain attempted to respond, fighting for its fair share of his limited blood supply.

“Uhhmm... hi! Hope that, uh, part worked out for you?” He waved his hands in desperation. “Uh, thanks? For having me up? Very exciting?”

He winced. What was he, twelve? So much for this guy ever wanting to see him again. Well, at least he'd get to see the Enterprise. He might as well make the most of it.

-- 

Spock couldn't believe his luck. This was just too good. Jim was nearly beside himself with lust, and yet was still trying to behave normally. It should prove highly entertaining to see exactly how long he was capable of maintaining this farcical charade. He widened his eyes deliberately, holding the other man's gaze.

“I believe I promised you a tour. Shall we begin with my current project? It would be a shame to be anything less than” his eyes raked the form in front of him, “...thorough.”

He forced his face into the most neutral expression he could manage, and gestured with an open and callused hand to the mouth of the Jeffries tube in front of him.

“Please. If you would precede me, I will be better able to direct your attention.”

Jim collected himself as best he could, and climbed the little set of stairs to the tube. He felt uneasy about not being able to see the Vulcan, but, on the other hand, it would keep him from fantasizing quite as much.

The panel where Spock had been working was immediately visible on the left, the glowing lights mesmerizing as they traced the intricate patterns of the ship’s circuitry in the dim recesses of the wall. He caught his breath. He’d never been on a ship this advanced before, much less allowed to inspect her inner workings. She was beautiful. He could hear the soft noises of his companion climbing into the tube behind him, but paid no attention. He reached his hand out, stretching a finger to adjust a tiny dial.

“There’s something just here, it’s a little… ouch!”

Blue light
against the wall for support until the wave of emotion abates.


-- 


“Father, what is the significance of placing a bird in the Christmas tree?” 



 
He is five, and his father is holding him up to set a small flocked partridge on an upper branch. His mother is covering her smile with her hand.



 
“It is a reference to an old Terran song associated with the season.” Sarek catches Amanda’s eye with one of those looks that is the closest to a smile Spock has ever seen his father come. “On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me…”



Spock startles in his father’s arms at the sound of his voice. Sarek almost never sings. His mother joins in, moving around the replicated tree to their side.



“… a partridge in a pear tree!”


-- 

Jim is watching him silently, and Spock thinks that the look on Jim’s face is just a shade too close to anxiety, so he approaches the tree to give it a thorough inspection.


It is short; perhaps about a meter high. Jim has run strips of tape over the plastic base, affixing it to the top of the console at the end of the beds, raising the top to a little above head height. It’s more than a little bedraggled, the plasticene branches alternately drooping or bent at awkward angles. The lights are lovely; small and twinkly, even those that are strobing in uneven sequence. Ornaments cover the stiff boughs, running the gamut from what looks like a very antique mercury glass ball down to a carefully painted plastic snowman with the letters JTK written in wavery black marker on the bottom. Spock pinches a branch, inhaling as the replicated smell of pine straggles out of the decrepit scent producers on the ends of the needles. He steps back gently.



“It is a magnificent tree.”



Jim barks a laugh, and Spock turns, surprised.



“You don’t have to patronize, Spock. It’s a piece of crap old tree. In and out of its box for at least thirty years now.”


 “It is unlike any other tree I have ever seen.”

 Jim laughs again.

 “Well, at least I can believe that.” He turns, heading for the alcove. “C’mon, Spock, your drink may be spiked, but mine’s not.”

 Jim wraps his fingers around the neck of the bottle, his shoulders tight and high. Unscrews the cap, and begins to pour, when there’s an abrupt BOOM and the room is plunged into darkness.

“Oh, for the love of…really? Really?” Spock’s eyes are adjusting enough to see how Jim has slumped forward, hanging his head. “Really? We’re stuck in a hotel, in the middle of nowhere, and now the power’s gonna blow?”


He straightens his spine and lifts his hands from the counter, turning to face Spock.



“Hang on.” There’s a sound of rummaging, followed by a flare of light. Apparently even off the ship Jim is nothing if not prepared. Spock can make out the shape of an ancient cylindrical flashlight, the beam of which flashes wildly around the room as Jim goes rummaging through another of his mysterious containers. He emerges after a moment with a battery pack in one hand, and an old-fashioned LED lantern in the other, triumphantly snapping the pack into place. The lantern casts a reassuring amount of light, a haloed glow shining on Jim’s face as he raises the lamp up to look around the room.



“Well, I did bring extra blankets. But…” He trails off, looking worriedly at Spock’s face. “If it’s really out, it’s gonna get awful chilly in here, Spock.”



“Jim, I am sure that I will…”



 A pounding on the door interrupts him, making him startle slightly. Jim holds his gaze for a moment, then pushes past him to peer out the small peephole. He grunts in vague annoyance, then opens the door to reveal the motel clerk rubbing his hands in front of him.



“Yes?”



“Hey, um, so, you might have noticed, but, ummm…”



“Get to the fucking 
point
, man.” Jim’s voice is hard. The man in front of him blinks dumbly, then continues.



“So, yeah. Power’s out. Can’t do anything about it. Commed the power company, they say it’s the temperature drop seizing up the transmitter cables all over, ain’t shit they can do about it either.”



“Mother
fuck
.”



“So, uh, yeah, you know. Bundle up.” The man leers at Spock. “Keep each other warm.”



Jim slams the door in his face before turning apologetically to Spock. His face is grim.



“Spock, I’m so sorry. I should never have brought you with me.” His face lingers for a moment in remorse, then clears into his capable captain mask. “Ok, so. We have to stay warm. We’ve got enough snacks and
and plate back to the replicator to be recycled before brushing your teeth and lying down on your bed.



--



She’s there when you wake from the nightmare, panting and clenching your teeth so hard your jaw is popping. You take a moment to breathe your way to relative alertness past the adrenaline rush, and take her in, fully clothed except for her jacket and shoes, lying there on the bed beside you. She pulls you close and holds you in her arms as you burst into tears, face pressed against her warm chest, leaving wet spots on her turtleneck. She strokes her fingers through your hair and murmurs nonsense words, and for all that you’ve dreamed of having your face shoved into her breasts like this, there is nothing in your touch but the helpless clutching of a man desperate for comfort, for reassurance. 



Your breathing slows after a while, but she remains, waiting until she can feel your body beginning to tense with embarrassment before she says, “Tell me.”



“Which part?” You say, beginning to realize the full extent of the beating your body has taken as you stretch your legs out and pull back. Sleep has done nothing to ease your aches and pains; you feel worse now than before, stiff and old and undeserving. She doesn’t let you get far, for which you’re grateful; you feel obligated to try to do this on your own, but you don’t really want to break contact.



She shrugs. “All of it.”



You resettle yourself on your side facing her, one arm stretched across her hips, your head nestled against the front of her shoulder. You’re always surprised by how small she is; her presence is so large, that when you touch her, it takes you aback, the physical evidence of this indomitable person contained in such a seemingly delicate vessel. 



“When my grandfather started to lose his mind,” you begin, glad that you can’t see her face, “he wasn’t happy about it. Not at first.” You collect your thoughts, letting yourself settle into the calming immediacy of her presence, and continue. “Later on, he was insistent that that was the only way he could be. He wouldn’t take his meds, he wouldn’t agree to be watched, he was a danger; mostly to himself, but sometimes to others, when he was deeply in the visions.” You take a breath, memories churning through your mind. You haven’t thought of this in years, have tried to forget it. “It was never the fact that he had the visions, heard the voices that bothered me. It was…” You think for a moment. “I guess it was two things, really. The first was that he lost his relationships- he couldn’t stay in the moment long enough to have a conversation, he couldn’t remember things you’d told him the day before, he didn’t always recognize his own wife, his own children. He had spent his whole life dedicated to his people, to his family, and by the end of his life, he was lost in his head, alone.”



She makes an encouraging noise, the fingers of her hand rubbing at the base of your neck, digging into the tendons and pushing on pressure points.



“The second…” you breathe out, and choose your words carefully. “I don’t know whether he was crazy, or whether he was touched by the spirits. I don’t know that those are mutually exclusive things. But… I could never tell if it was his 

choice

.” Her fingers still against your skin, then move up into your hair, continuing the firm, soothing motions from before. “In the beginning, he didn’t want it, I know that. But at some point he did, and I never knew whether that was because he, the man, my grandfather, weighed and considered the options and the events and then made a conscious choice to accept the spirits, or whether the chemicals in his brain took the choice away from him.” You shake your head, thinking of your grandfather as a young man, tall, handsome, unbent. “Should we have forced him to be medicated? We didn’t want to strip him of his autonomy, but had he already been robbed of it by the voices in his head?” You realize your voice has risen, and you exhale slowly, shifting against the mattress. “The idea of losing my family, my friends… of losing you…” her hand stills again, and you can feel the light tension in her body. “It’s about the worst thing I can imagine, but there are instances in which I would choose it. If the loss would benefit the crew, or you… I would do it.”



“Yes,” she says, “the needs of the many…”



“Yes,” you agree. “It would be the worst thing in my life, but it would be worth it. Even if I weren’t able to choose it, for whatever
begins to laugh, chuckles that rise in his belly and burst out his mouth, filling the room and startling the birds in the tree. The mental picture of a human woman, with Spock’s brown eyes, teaching a roomful of Vulcans how to hold needles is just too much.

Spock eyeballs him, the string abandoned in his hands. He never smiles, but his eyes are glinting in the way that Jim has quickly found means he’s laughing.

“I advise you not to laugh. She is a formidable teacher, my mother.”

Jim giggles, wiping his face with his hand.

“I can just imagine she is, Spock.” He grins. “She sounds great.”

Spock’s eyes soften, and he looks down, then up again to meet Jim’s eyes.

“What about your mother, Jim? Does she indulge in handicrafts?”

Jim freezes, his muscles locked tight.


Blond hair, whipping around his face. The scent of perfume, orange blossom and lavender, mixed with the scent of her skin. The sound of her voice in his ear, low and urgent. Run, Jimmy, run like hell, and whatever you do, don’t look back. Run. Run!


“Jim. Jim.”

There are fingers on his arm, and he startles back into awareness. Spock’s eyes are wide in front of him, the yarn abandoned at his side.

“I am sorry to have upset you.” Spock considers him for a moment. “Are you alright?”

Jim breathes for a moment, in and out, forcing his muscles to relax one by one.

“Yeah. Fine. Sorry.”

“It is of no concern.” Spock sure looks concerned, though, so Jim staggers to his feet, turns to the door panel and opens it.

“I’ll just…I’ll be back. I need some air.”

Spock nods seriously, his eyes never leaving Jim’s face as he walks out the door.

--


He’s alone, finally, and the darkness around him is complete. He knows he has his hands over his ears, but he peels them off, because he needs them to press the buttons. He’s seen Sam do this before, in the flight simulators, and he thinks it must be pretty much the same. It doesn’t matter anyway - they’re coming for him now, so he’ll die either way. At least the metal of the shuttlecraft keeps out the sounds of the screaming as he pushes the buttons to initiate the launch sequence. He’s fading in and out of consciousness - the gun the soldier had used to hit him over the head had been all too solid - but he stays awake through lift off, though, and through breaking orbit. He doesn’t know where he’s going, doesn’t care. They’re dead, they’re all dead, and maybe he will be too. 


He comes to when the chirping of alarms becomes too noisy to ignore. There’s a planet all across the view screen, a big one, and those big green areas sure look like water, and this is bad, because he never did see Sam land in the flight simulators. He pushes the buttons to try and make the lights flash green instead of red, hauls back on the throttle, and aims for something that’s not ocean. He remembers just in time to put on his seatbelt and relax his muscles, and then everything is loud and then black.

--

“What were you doing before you crashed?”

Spock pauses in his carving to look at Jim.

“We were conducting a routine survey to see if the planet was inhabited, and if so, by what sort of beings. To see what kinds of resources it has.”

“‘We’?”

“Myself, Ensign Glover, and Lieutenant Ajmani.” Spock’s face falls slightly at the names, and Jim feels a brief pang of guilt for bringing them up.

“What was your job?”

“I am in training to become a Science Officer.” Spock sits a little straighter, his shoulders lining up. “I graduated with highest honors from my school, and was admitted to Starfleet, where I am in training to become a bridge officer and a head scientist.”

Jim looks at him curiously.

“What does that mean?”

Spock looks briefly flummoxed, as though he can’t imagine not knowing what Starfleet is, or what being a Science Officer would mean. His face clears, and he peers more closely at Jim.

“Jim, how did you get here? I was under the impression that you were not an infant, but you seem to have very little knowledge of life off-planet.” His face is earnest, and Jim squashes the instinctive desire to get up and run, to flee from even the thought of his previous life.

“I don’t really know, Spock.” He looks at his hands, at the rough places on his fingers, the calluses on his palms from building his house, from wielding a bow. “I wasn’t an
. See you Saturday.”

There’s a pause, and Zach resolutely shuffles his papers again, reading the weather for the weekend (sunny, clear, winds from the south-west at 15 mph) for the third time.

The door whispers shut, and Zach can breathe again, the space behind him sadly and blessedly empty.

Still, he knows. He’ll see those lips in his mind’s eye tonight, licking. He’ll tuck his hands under his arms, and lay, stiff, until he falls asleep.

--

New guy is there in the morning, looking chilly and chipper in the gloom of the pre-dawn light as Zach pulls his car up and parks. It’s definitely cold, somewhere around forty degrees he’d guess, but at least it’s far enough into spring that there’s no snow to knock off the big satellite dish out back. 

“Morning, Zach!”

Zach just grunts, forcing himself not to stare at the goose-bumped strip of skin between the bottom of the guy’s shirt and the top hem of his sweatpants. It’s pale and glowing in the dim light, and Zach puts his hand to the keypad of the door to keep himself from just reaching out and touching.

The door swings open and they’re in, Zach clicking lights as he moves through the open-ceilinged back room, checking the whirring towers of equipment automatically as he tears off and logs the overnight report, signing into the logbook and dating it, clocking in as he climbs the stairs to the control room to take the station off overnight automation set-ups.

“What are you doing?”

Oh. Right. He’s supposed to be training. 

“Umm… crap.” He’s been doing this so long it’s just a series of motions to him, and he can’t bear the thought of having to force his sleepy brain to parse through the steps right at this moment. He waves a hand vaguely. “Come on. We have to do the first break. I’ll show you how to open up… later.”

The guy looks disappointed, but what’s he going to do, argue? He follows quietly up the stairs behind Zach, stands silently in the corner while Zach gives the station identification, the weather, and the underwriter, while desperately trying not to sound like he’s seconds from going back to sleep. He settles on the couch when Zach tells him to, and is still there when Zach wakes up just in time for the next break, his eyes watchful and his fingers still. 

--

There’s something about this kid, and Zach just can’t shake it. It’s like… it’s like he doesn’t believe in personal space. Yes, the station is small. Yes, the rooms are tiny, and crammed with stack upon stack of various electronics, running the gamut from cutting edge to decades obsolete. But still, Zach thinks when he turns around and whacks his elbow into Chris’ middle for the third time that evening, this is just not right.

He wouldn’t even really care, he thinks, placing the dat in the player and fast-forwarding, if it weren’t the way that every time he brushes against the other guy’s arm or stomach or back, he can feel the heat of him, the warmth radiating off that skin like a furnace. It raises the hair on his arms, makes him shiver surreptitiously in the dim fluorescent lighting.

It’s distracting.

It’s too much, somehow, and even though it’s been three weeks, and the novelty should be wearing off, he’s still verging on obsessed, watching as Chris moves, catching his breath every time Chris presses close to him, those eyes peering at him inscrutably. 

Zach has resigned himself to the continual presence of this crush. All he can do at this point is ride it out; these things pass, and so he will wait. 

At some point he will also stop masturbating to the sound of Chris’ voice giving station identifications. That might help, who knows?

--

He’s a smart guy, Chris, but he hides it well. Zach isn’t sure why, but he does; keeps the poetry mostly hidden under a Sports Illustrated, uses “hella” and “fuckin’ a, man” in spite of his accidental dropping of “obsequious” and “amorphous” in early morning conversation. He catches on quickly, memorizing the functions of every knob, button, and geegaw on the board, learning the finer points of the recording programs and the FCC regulations in record time. 

He’s pretty, and intelligent, and well, Zach can overlook the asshole act. Everyone’s got something to hide, and everyone’s got their own reasons for it. Chris is fun, and helpful, and quite frankly, the easiest employee he’s ever had to train.

He finds himself stretching it out, finding ways to keep Chris coming in to share Zach’s shifts.