Sherlock Holmes flopped down on his couch in his flat at 221 B. Baker Street. His friend Dr. John Watson watched from the open door to the flat.

“You’re just going to lay there. You almost get killed and all you’re going to do is lay on the couch.” Dr. Watson came all the way into the room and sat exasperated in his usual chair across from Sherlock’s couch. 

“I wasn’t shocked, I wasn’t taken off guard, there is no reason for me not to continue living life as I always do.”

“Oh, I know. I don’t know why after all this time I still am surprised at you’re utter lack of normal behaviour.”

Sherlock sat up at this and looked at John, studying him.

“ ‘Normal behaviour’? Exactly what were you expecting me to do?”

John shrugged and thought for a-half-a-second on how he would have reacted to a man almost knifing him in the chest after three minutes of hand-to-hand combat.

“I would have-” 

“You would have?” Sherlock interrupted him. John glared at him.

“Yes, ‘I would have’. Why do you have to keep interrupt-”

“You assume that you and I would have similar reactions, then.” Sherlock interjected standing up and walking to the fireplace. John just shook his head in a slightly dejected manner.

“Yeah, I thought so.” 

“Why?” 

John shrugged again, uncomfortable under that piercing gaze. 

“I don’t know. We’re both people, aren’t we? I just expected something more along the lines of being shaken or something. Of course I should have known better since you’re you.” 

“Yes, you should have. Honestly, it’s like you’ve learnt nothing at all.” Sherlock returned to his couch and lay back again, hand over his forehead. There was silence for a few minutes. Then John realized something.

“Why are you still wearing your coat?” He asked. Sherlock took his hand off his forehead and sighed.
“What?” He moved his head lazily to look at John.

“You always take your coat off when you enter the flat and throw it on my chair; but you’re still wearing it.” John slightly emphasized the part about his chair, for it was always something that annoyed him.

Sherlock looked down at his chest. He was indeed still wearing his long, black overcoat. He sat up again and fingered the fabric.

“I didn’t realize...” He got up, took the coat off, and stared at it for a while. John looked from the coat to Sherlock the whole time. 

“Uh, something wrong?” John finally asked, an eyebrow raised. Sherlock was drawn out of his stupor and looked at John.

“I’m going out.” He said shortly, and walked out the still open door to the hall and vanished down the steps. John sat back in his chair and wondered. He heard a knock on the door and Mrs. Hudson stepped into the room.

“Hello, Dr. Watson. I came up to see if there was anything wrong.”

Watson looked at her, confused. “Why should anything be wrong?”

“Well, you see, I just saw Mr. Holmes walk out without his overcoat. And what with it being so cold out...” 

Watson got up and went to the place where Sherlock had been standing moments before, and there on the floor was his overcoat. Watson picked it up and smiled.

“No, Mrs. Hudson everything’s fine. He just -- forgot, we all do sometimes.”
wiped away when he saw her reaction. She flushed again, angrily this time and clenched her hands into fists. “He is special; very special. He treats me like he cares about me. Unlike some people I know.” She said venomously. Sherlock was quite obviously taken aback by her words. He stared at her, his face a mask, and Molly realized herself and sighed and shook her head. “Right now isn’t the time to discuss this, Sherlock. I’m not sure any time is right or even necessary.” She looked up at him, her eyes no longer angry, but sad. “I’m engaged, yes, and I’m… I’m happy. Let’s leave it at that and deal with John.”
Sherlock watched her and caught a flicker in her eyes, a hesitance in her voice when she claimed she was happy, as if she wasn’t being entirely honest. Molly was a mystery to him sometimes, and had surprised him more than once in the years he had known her, but he knew when she was feeling and what she was feeling, and he knew now she wasn’t happy with whoever this man was. Not entirely. For some reason it made him cheer up some, which was rather disturbing to him, but he had no time to think about sentiment toward Molly. John needed to be placated first. He nodded once and gave her his full attention. “Very well. What would you suggest I do?”

                                                           –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––

	John was still sitting in his armchair, the only thing besides his personal items he had moved from Baker Street to Mary’s apartment, thinking about the ghost he had seen in the restaurant the night before. He hadn’t gone to bed, or even said much to Mary besides goodnight and ‘I love you’, as he always did. Being gracious and understanding, Mary had left him alone, although she didn’t mind fuming to herself that Sherlock Holmes was an utter ass and she would be glad to give him a piece of her mind and maybe clock him one as John had, although harder. She had gone to bed furious at her fiancée’s formerly dead friend and had woken up just as furious, if not more, because John was still in that armchair. He didn’t really react when she kissed his cheek, only a mumbled good morning. Only when Mary started to make breakfast did he move, probably because he smelled the tea brewing and needed that fortifying liquid. Although he didn’t talk about what had happened, he seemed to wake up a little after that and she was glad. He needed to be himself if he was going to able to face Sherlock again, as she knew he would have to soon. What she couldn’t fathom was that it was going to be that morning. After helping her clean up the breakfast things, the bell to the flat rang and John went to answer it, and not long after that, Mary heard a cracking noise and a heavy thump, like a body had fallen. She hurried to the door and found John standing over a supine Sherlock Holmes, whose left eye had been bandaged, but now bled again, the bandage hanging off his face. John fumed, his clenching and unclenching his fist. He didn’t say anything, only stared at Sherlock, even as the undead detective slowly got to his feet.
“You’ll hurt your hand if you keep doing that, John,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly. “If I’m not mistaken, your knuckles are already bruised.” He took the now-ruined bandage off his face, fully revealing the old bruise and the newly forming one. John seemed to come out of his rage at the sight of his friend hurt and looked at Sherlock with tears in his eyes and before Sherlock knew what had happened he was embraced by his friend. Molly hadn’t warned about that. He didn’t have long to worry about how to react, as John quickly disengaged and stood straight. “You’re a prat,” he said, wiping his eyes. “An utter ass and… and…”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said quickly and John stopped, gaping. Mary looked in surprise at Sherlock in imitation of John, having heard Sherlock Holmes wasn’t exactly the most contrite person in the world. Sherlock continued before John had time to respond. “You’re quite right in your estimation of me. I should not have come to you as I did last night. I did not fully realize, as I should have, the shock you would suffer. You deserved more, as my friend. I can only hope you can forgive me for that, and for deceiving you with my death.”
Mary smiled and watched John, who took a breath and looked his old friend in the eyes. “Well, it’s a start Sherlock.” He said.

Sherlock meets Molly's fiancee and doesn't like him, but denies himself as to why.

A month into Sherlock’s return to life
perch, their lights seemingly extended by their speed.

This was Levi’s habit, for as long as he could remember. He would come up here at dusk and meditate, and when near-darkness came he would open his eyes and watch Coruscant light up again. It was almost as if the world was more alive at night than in the day. He hadn’t missed a single night while he was at the Academy; the only ones he did were when he was on a mission. The ritual cleared his head, prepared him for the next day, and left him blessedly alone. The tower wasn’t meant for the purpose he made of it. Originally, it had been a landing pad, but had been abandoned as superfluous by the Council, though they hadn’t bothered having it torn down either, citing it might go into use as a watch-tower. Nothing of the sort happened, and it became forgotten for years, until one day, during a young Padawan Levi’s exploring of his new home, it became an escape. The place was his alone, and he couldn’t be more grateful for the Council’s absent-mindedness in the matter.

Levi found himself staying longer in his days as a Jedi Knight, especially when he was assigned his first padawan. The hours had grown shorter again after Petra, but now it seemed they would wane into the midnight hours because of Eren. A slight smile tugged at the corner of Levi’s mouth. He couldn’t help but feel a slight affection for the boy, however worrisome Eren’s attitude might be at times. Only two days into the relationship and Levi was already simultaneously frustrated and proud of his padawan. Eren’s actions on Nar Shaddaa had been incredibly stupid, but even Levi had to admit that they had been brave (mostly foolish) moves.

He knew of the reason behind Eren’s rash decisions. The Fall of Shiganshina had been one of the bloodiest and costly battles in the Titan War. While Levi hadn’t been there, he had felt the scars in the loss of fellow Jedis, his brothers and sisters, to the Titans that day. It had been the Titan’s first move after taking Kamino a century before. After Shiganshina, the Titans moved further into the Outer Rim, taking one planet after another at its very edge, until they made their way to Tattooine, where Levi first met them on the battlefield.

The Senate had asked the Jedi Council to send at least one hundred of the Order to assist their army in protecting Tattooine from the Titan horde, approaching quickly in usurped ships taken in the previous engagements. Levi hummed as he recalled the panicked Senate envoy, begging the Council to send help. After Shiganshina and the discovery that some, if not most, of the Titans used Dark Force and lightsabers, it had fallen more and more upon the shoulders of the Jedi to fight in the War. The Council had quickly realized they could keep a behind-the-scenes presence and assented to fully cooperating with the Senate and its army. They sent one hundred and fifty Jedi to Tattooine. The planet, while it had been almost completely vacated by its terrified population, still held thousands of lives. Levi commanded his own brigade of the Senate Army, and was second-in-command to Master Erwin, one of two of the Council who participated in the battle. They had taken up position on the planet, near the space-port of Mos Eisley, intending to ensure from there the ground was not overrun. The other Council member, Master Bendo Ik, a Rodian with a reputation as a brilliant strategist and fierce fighter, was commanding the Senate Space-Fleet, which protected Tattooine’s system.

Levi hadn’t been a Knight for a year when the battle for Tattooine began, though his former master, Erwin, felt deeply that his old student would excel in his leadership position. Besides that, Levi was exceptional with his dual lightsabers. He was a rare case of being able to handle the coordination of two lightsabers and the Force. One of the most brilliant students to pass into Knighthood the Academy had ever seen. Though pride could lead to folly, Erwin couldn’t help but feel proud of his student. Levi, thinking back on the battle, realized just how much trust Erwin had placed in him and his abilities. At the time, it was he considered it as simply his duty and he would fulfill as best he could.

When the Titans descended, somehow managing to get through Master Bendo Ik’s barricade, Levi did not disappoint. Despite their efforts, however, Tattooine was lost, and out of the one hundred and fifty Jedi that had participated in the fight, only ninety returned to Coruscant. It was the first engagement in the War that the Jedi suffered such heavy casualties, and the entire Order felt the loss. Even Shiganshina hadn’t dealt them such a blow. Levi, Master Erwin, and Master Bendo Ik returned to the Council and gave a full report. In the wake of Tattooine’s loss, the Order grew ever
on the opposite table – and slowly made her way to the door. After peering through the peephole, she leaned her forehead against the door and sighed heavily. “What do you want, Sherlock?” she grumbled loudly.

“We’re going to Glasgow today, Molly.” The consulting detective’s annoyed voice replied, slightly muffled because of the door. “You can’t have forgotten.”

Molly groaned and shook her head, although she knew he couldn’t see her. “No, I didn’t forget. I just didn’t expect to have to be woken up so early! And rudely.” She added grumpily.  

“We must make an early start if we’re to be back in time,” he said crossly. “Do hurry up and dress!”

“Fine!” she snapped, fully irritated now. She stomped to the bathroom and had closed the door before realizing she was still holding the figurine. She walked back out only to yelp when she bumped into a Belstaff clad figure. “SHERLOCK!”

“Why are you holding that shepherd figurine?” he asked, and looked curiously at the object in question.

“I-I was startled when you pounded on my door,” she squeaked and was suddenly painfully aware of her lack of clothes. Having been used to being on a tropical island, comfort had conquered modesty, a habit that hadn’t yet been broken upon her return to England, and now she was used to wearing simply a pair of panties and a brassiere when sleeping. “Why are you in my room?” She asked, slowly taking a step backwards and hiding herself behind the bathroom door. “Please go away.”

Sherlock finally actually looked at her, realized the situation, and had the decency to turn slightly red in embarrassment. “Ah,” he cleared his throat and took a few steps back toward the door to her room. “I’ll meet you in the lobby,” he muttered and walked as quickly as he could out of her room.

Molly let out a long breath and closed the door to the bathroom, and allowed herself a moment of being angry and embarrassed before getting dressed. She silently berated the man for being rude and not respecting her privacy, and when she was done venting, she felt she could face him again. Though there might be a few choice words for him about his behavior. Molly dressed in jeans and her favorite (albeit new favorite, since her clothes had been given away years before) jumper, a dark green wool one. She put her hair up in a high ponytail and slipped her feet into practical, comfortable boots. Not even seven years on an island could wipe out her pragmatic sense of fashion. If anything, it served to amplify it. She had a brand new wardrobe, but with a few identical replacements to her former clothes (including a cherry covered cardigan which Molly had loved dearly). In any case, the outfit was good enough for the two-hour trip to Glasgow to see the husband of the latest victim.

She made her way downstairs to the lobby and found Sherlock sitting and fidgeting in a red armchair. He jumped up as soon as he saw her and pulled his Belstaff closed.

“Finally ready?” he asked, his tone clipped. “We do have to be back before five tonight.”

“Why before five?” Molly asked, and decided to overlook his completely unnecessary short attitude. “Did you make an appointment for something?”

“Janine,” he replied, making a face akin to having eaten something sour. “She insisted on dinner together.”

“Oh, fancy that, a wife wanting to have dinner with her husband,” Molly gasped. “You know, I do have a way of you getting out of it...” Sherlock looked at her in surprise and eagerly asked what the idea was. “Tell her you’re already married!”

Sherlock’s face quickly morphed from hopeful to irritated. “Molly, I’ve already explained to you why I can’t do that yet. I thought you understood.”

“I do understand, Sherlock. But you keep complaining about it, and it’s starting to get on my nerves.” Molly snapped. “Either grow up and tell her the truth, or shut your mouth about being in the giant mess you created.”

Sherlock stared at the usually placid woman in shock, her outburst having taken him completely by surprise. “Molly, I...”

“Never mind, Sherlock,” she waved a hand and turned toward the entrance of the hotel. “I’m sorry. Forget it.”

Sherlock would have attempted to continue the discussion and find out what was really bothering Molly, but the look on her face when he opened his mouth to reply, made him reconsider. It was best, he decided to simply let her fume, if that is what she needed. Besides, he’d rather not have her berating him for anything on the long car-ride to Glasgow.

“Molly, can you drive?” Sherlock asked suddenly, and this time caught her by surprise.

“Can I? Well, technically yes, but I don
their projects. Molly let him take the criminology project, but when he insisted on taking the lead for the pathology project, she put her foot down. They were discussing the issue in a library study room, a table between them as they argued.

“I have pathology as my career path! Pathology is my life! Of course it should be me!” Molly exclaimed. “You didn’t even get the diagnosis right when we looked at the file!”

“A technicality,” he waved his hand dismissively. “I got everything else right.”

“You knew what he had eaten a scone for tea,” she scoffed. “Not the project, not important. I figured it out.” She crossed her arms.

Sherlock stood up and placed his hands on the table. “I noticed the blueness of his skin.”

Molly stood up and mimicked his stance. “You thought he drowned.” She sneered.

“Drowning has very similar symptoms to the Spanish Flu. You could have easily made the same mistake if you didn’t feel the need to neurotically pick over the pictures,” he snapped. Molly’s eyes widened.

“I think that’s a good thing, considering you were wrong!” she spit back. “But you can’t just admit that, can you? No, the great Sherlock Holmes, wannabe detective, just has to be right all the time!”

“Wannabe detective?” Sherlock glared at his petite and irritating partner. “I have solved all of the ten cases the police have called me in on.”

Molly barked out a laugh. “You weren’t ‘called in’. You pushed your way in. They probably would have been fine solving it on their own. Professor Lestrade is an excellent detective.” She added with an admiration that irritated Sherlock.

“No they wouldn’t and no he’s not.” His scowl grew deeper. “You would see that if you weren’t so infatuated with him.”

Molly flushed. “I’m not infatuated with him!” She protested. 

“Then why are you blushing?” Sherlock pointed at her triumphantly.

“Because! And y-you’re deflecting from the problem!” She squeaked. “You! You’re an arrogant bastard who can’t stand to be wrong!”

“I admitted I was wrong earlier,” he said. “You simply cannot accept I can be humble because it interferes with your self-righteous determination to be morally superior.”

Molly’s mouth dropped open and for a moment she was literally speechless. She didn’t even notice how they had gradually moved closer together throughout the conversation to the point where they were standing only inches from each other.

“How d-dare you!” she sputtered. 

“How dare I? How dare you judge me?” he demanded. “You don’t have the right to judge my faults when you won’t admit your own, Molly Hooper!”

“Oh yes!” She rolled her eyes. “I have such a problem with admitting my own problems!” She responded sarcastically. “While you have no obstacles whatsoever from conceding yours!” She poked him in the chest. Her face was red and her eyes glistened with frustrated tears.

“I have said no such thing,” he stated flatly.

“But you have no problem grinding on about people and their own problems, not to mention your incessant need to be the best at everything!” Molly realized the argument had gotten out of hand but she didn’t know how reign in her ire again. “What you did yesterday in Professor Hudson’s class-”

“Shut up.”

Molly looked at him dumbfounded. She was about to open her mouth to protest his utter rudeness but before she could he was kissing her and her mind went blank. His hands were gripping her shoulders tightly and his lips were hard on hers only for a second before he became gentle and then pulled away. Molly watched as his face turned from uncertain to smug and had a sudden desire for revenge – there was no way she was going to let him distract her without giving him a taste of his own medicine. She stood on tiptoe, grabbed his face between her hands, tugged him down, and kissed him back. He flailed for a moment, stumbled back and fell on the table, Molly on top of him. The sudden motion of the fall surprised Molly into releasing him, and he instinctively wrapped an arm around her waist to keep her from falling to the side and hitting a chair.

They looked at each other, both breathing rapidly, and both frozen in their position, chest-to-chest. Molly watched as his eyes flitted to her lips and up to her eyes again and her stomach flipped. Her heart beating quickly in her chest she slowly lowered her head and her lips met his for the third time, but chastely and timidly. As she pulled away she felt his free arm lift, his hand sifted into her hair, and they were kissing again, covering each other’s mouths and necks with their lips. Soon Molly was straddling his waist, his hands were gripping her hips, and there
copy.

“Yes, well, that’s nice. But, um,” she cleared her throat and her eyes flew between his and the book. “That book is, well, it’s one I’ve wanted for a long time, you see, and since you’re not a pathologist...” She smiled in what she hoped was a charming way.

“Don’t flirt, Molly. You’re not very good at it.”

Molly flushed angrily and tried to grab the book out of his hands but he only lifted it out of her reach. She cursed herself for being so short and him for being so tall.

“Sherlock. I didn’t come here to be insulted by you. I can go to work for that. I came here to buy that book. A book you know I’ve wanted for months because I’ve talked about it. So unless you are actually intending to buy it, I would like to have it.” She crossed her arms and tilted her nose up, her jaw set stubbornly.

Sherlock smirked and leaned down slightly to meet her eyes, slowly lowering the book. “But I am buying it.”

Molly took a deep breath and with one quick movement managed to snatch the book from Sherlock’s clutches.

“Oh, looks like I have the last copy,” she said sweetly. “Sorry, but you’ll have to wait until they get a new shipment in.” She turned on her heels and started for the register but was stopped short by a hand on her arm.

“Molly. I told you I was buying the book,” Sherlock reached for it but Molly put her arm behind her back and shook her head.

“No. I know I’m being really petty for this, but I want this book.” She stepped back as he took a step forward but bumped into the bookcase and couldn’t move any further, which meant that she was trapped and barely an inch separated her from Sherlock. She swallowed and felt her stomach flip nervously. He was trying to use her attraction and feelings for him against her. It wasn’t going to work this time.

“Molly Hooper,” he spoke sternly. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she held the book more tightly and pressed back into the bookcase as far as possible, leaving no room for the book to move unless she released it.

“Molly,” he spoke softly and one of his hands was suddenly slowly trailing down the arm she had behind her. Goosebumps rose up on her skin and she had to remind herself to breathe when his arm somehow wrapped around her, his hand resting over hers on the book. “Let me have the book.”

“No,” she whispered. He frowned in frustration.

“You’re not being very cooperative, Dr. Hooper.” He said.

She smiled. “No, I’m not.”

Sherlock smiled back and used her slight distraction to latch his hand more firmly onto the book and a tug-of-war began behind her back.

“Please let me have the book.”

“No.”

“Molly, we can’t do this all afternoon.”

“I’m not letting go, Sherlock. You’re big ego can just take a hit today because you’re not going to be able to convince or fake-flirt with me into giving you this book.”

He raised an eyebrow and tilted his head to the side – the perfect angle to kiss her, she noticed, and almost stopped breathing.

“So you’re determined not to let me buy the book.”

“Yes.” She stated.

“And I won’t get it out of your hands.”

 “No.”

“Are you sure?” His face was even closer and she couldn’t avoid looking at him.

“Yes.” She said hesitantly.

“Then what’s this?” he grinned and pulled back. The book was now back in his free hand, shining in the fluorescent lighting of the bookshop.

Molly’s mouth dropped open and she grasped for it with her free hand, but he shook his head and pulled her closer, their arms still locked behind her back.

“How did you do that?” she growled. “Give it back!”

“Nope.” He said, popping the p. “I’m buying the book.” He let go and swung her around. When she turned to follow him he was already at the counter and buying the book. She stomped up to him and was just about to let him know exactly what she thought of him when he suddenly placed the book in her hands.

“What’s this?” she asked, befuddled.

“The book you’ve been talking about for months.” He replied. “I was going to buy it for your birthday, but since you seem so impatient for it I’ll just give it to you now.”

Molly stared at the copy and then turned her head back up to Sherlock and looked at him unblinking. She realized he had got a first-hand view of how he looked when
” Nazi uniform jacket. She grinned and pulled it off quickly, tying one end off in a loop.


 


“Move over,” she nudged Sherlock aside and knelt on the floor. Closing one eye and aiming carefully, Molly swung the belt and managed to catch the keys just right on her first try. With a triumphant ‘hallo’ she jerked the belt back quickly and grasped the keys in her hand. Sherlock quickly took them and unlocked the cell door.


 


“Very nice, Molly,” he commended.


 


“Bloody brilliant, you mean,” John corrected with a grin. The cacophony outside had grown louder and louder, until they really did have to shout every word they said.


 


“We need to let the others out!” Molly exclaimed. “Hurry!” The prison building sounded like it was going to break apart at any moment, and she was certain the back rooms were on fire. As she rushed out of the cell, a guard suddenly appeared right in front of her, a knife in his hands. He was bleeding from the head, and he looked ready to kill. 


 


Skidding to a stop, Molly looked around frantically for a weapon.


 


“

Mon ami!

” She looked to her left and saw an old man wearing a fedora holding a metal chair leg out to her. Having no time to wonder how he had managed to get the leg, she grabbed it gratefully and with all of her strength knocked the knife out of the trooper’s hands and with another swing hit his head with a crack. He fell to the ground with a thud. She dropped the chair leg and took deep breaths to collect herself.


 


John and Sherlock stood in awe of what the petite archaeologist had just done. She looked back at them and shouted for them to move. Immediately they both went into action.


 


“John!” Sherlock tossed the keys to his friend. “Get them out! Molly and I need to get the tablets!”


 


“What?” John glanced up at the roof, which sounded dangerously close to caving in. “Are you insane? It’s literally war out there! You’ll get shot or blown up! We need to get out of here!”


 


Molly was inclined to agree with John, but knew that they had to find the tablets as soon as possible.


 


“Let’s go!” She said.


 


“What are you doing?” John exclaimed in disbelief.


 


“They have both the tablets!” Sherlock yelled, trying to explain quickly. “Graf is probably getting away with both of them right now, and we need to find the Flagon before them!” With that he grabbed Molly’s hand and they were running toward the main door of the prison building. They didn’t need to open it themselves, though, because it was blown apart as they reached it. After recovering, Molly and Sherlock were faced with what could only be described as chaos. The Nazi forces were in retreat as Reims burned and French and English forces moved in to complete the rout. They could see Graf’s headquarters was still standing and ran for it, having to dodge bullets and grenades as they went. The street was only about ten feet wide, but Molly had never thought anything could be longer.


 


They had almost reached the doorstep when a bullet grazed Sherlock’s leg and he fell with a startled cry. Molly knelt beside him to check the wound, but was stopped by the feeling of the hot muzzle of a gun on her back.


 


“Hang on there, miss.” A voice she never thought she would hear again said. “Don’t make any sudden moves.”


 


“Greg?” She turned quickly to find a very stunned Gregson Lestrade gawking down at her.


 


“You shot me!” Sherlock yelled indignantly.


 


“What in the blazes are you two doing here?” Lestrade shouted. “You!” he pointed to Sherlock. 


 


“You’re supposed to be dead! And why are you dressed like Nazis?”


 


“Is now the time?” Molly exclaimed, and they all ducked as one of the allied tanks shot over their heads. Lestrade immediately yanked Sherlock up and dragged him onto the front steps of the house where he dropped him before raising his rifle and taking a few shots at some charging German soldiers. All four fell dead.


 


 Molly watched the exchange, too distracted by the action to remember that she was tending to Sherlock’s leg. Only after he winced in pain when she leant a little too heavily on the wound did she come to her senses. She examined the wound and sighed in relief.


 


“You’re alright,” she said. “The bullet just grazed you. Greg!” The former London police inspector turned to her. “Do you have a bandage?”


 


The man dug around in the pockets of his army uniform and produced what Molly needed.



“Listen,” he knelt down beside them. “I would love to stay and catch up, but I’ve got to help my men take back Reims. You two stay here. I’ll be back.” He gave Molly a look that Sherlock didn’t like at all and ran off to rejoin the