the bird at the building and headed off to his apartment.

Hope you enjoyed! Pleasepleaseplease review. ^^

And the tragedy continue...

I hope anyone who reads this doesn't hate me, haha


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

The days passed slowly for them all. Zayn got a new lock for his doors to keep the other boys out. He needed to be alone, needed to try to salvage what was left of him.

There wasn't much.

He wasn't hurting- it just felt like his body was there but the rest had died with Niall. The only time he hurt was when someone said Niall's name aloud; a sharp pain would run through him, and the sense of loss grew greater. That was why he had locked himself away- he couldn't stand being with other people. 

He felt emptier every day. No matter where he went in his house, he was reminded of Niall. In the kitchen he could see him, throwing back his head to laugh as he went through Zayn's fridge. In the living room he saw him watching telly, remembering the lazy smile that would be on his face as he played with Zayn's hair. In the guest room he saw him bouncing on the bed, singing some Justin Bieber song, and sneaking to Zayn's room in the middle of the night and curling up by him.

He'd left so much stuff there. Albums, clothes, movies- even two guitars. He had a tooth brush by the bathroom sink that Zayn hadn't touched and a comb on the shelf by the mirror that he had left perfectly aligned with Zayn's. Zayn always set his own back where it had been. 

Niall had even left dishes. Plates and bowls that had held leftovers, his mug from back home, and silverware. Zayn smiled softly, remembering when Niall had come to visit and realized he had a fork, spoon, and butterknife in his pocket from breakfast.

Zayn walked into the living room, stopping by the telly. Several of Niall's movies were stacked by Zayn's. His pillow with the four leaf clover on it was resting on the couch, and a pair of white supras stuck out from under the recliner where Niall had taken them off and left them. One of his snapbacks was on the coffee table, and Zayn brushed his fingers over it reverently. 

He wandered into his bedroom, a second smile turning up the corners of his mouth before dropping. A wood chair was turned around against the left wall, several outfits piled on it haphazardly. More of Niall's shoes were poking out from under the bed, mixed up with Zayn's.

It had felt right when Niall stayed over, like it was what was meant to be. Niall's stuff was everywhere, and it had felt almost home-like. But that was stupid- nothing would happen now. He hadn't taken his chances. Maybe if he'd told Niall he wouldn't have shot himself. 

It hit him like a freight train, knocking the breath out of him and forcing him to his knees. He could have stopped it. He'd noticed that Niall had been acting weird- he should have acted on it. 

"I'm sorry!" he doubled over, feeling as if his whole being was consumed by guilt. He made his way to his nightstand and grabbed his razor with shaking hands.
"I'm so sorry..." 

For a while it was all thin lines and red blood, until he came back to himself, realizing there was a puddle on the carpet and half-dried blood all over his clothes. He bandaged his cuts and unconsciously made his way to the wood chair, grabbing one of Niall's sweaters and sliding it over his head. 

Niall's scent hit him and he sat on the bed, curling up. The left side of the bed smelled like Niall too; he'd stayed over at Zayn soon before-

Before he'd gone. 

"It's all my fault, isn't it," he said aloud. It wasn't a question- he knew the answer. 

He could have saved Niall and he hadn't.
__

Liam felt heavy. His heart was heavy, his mind was heavy, everything was heavy. He was worried, guilty, and restless; worried about Zayn, guilty about Niall, and restless because he didn't know what to do but felt like he had to do something. He couldn't do anything about Niall- hell, did he wish he could- but he needed to do something about Zayn. Zayn had grown steadily worse each day until he'd completely shut them out. 

Liam had been staying with Louis and Harry since Niall had...left. They weren't doing too well either, but they talked, they ate, they still lived. Zayn had just ground to a halt. He'd simply stopped. 

Danielle had been understanding- they'd talked a bit but she'd told Liam to call her
his face switches from frustration to concern. 

"Fuck- yeah, I'm sorry." He takes Alex's bag and then his arm. Alex finds himself unable to protest. 

They're close to the park and it's usually deserted, so Jack leads him there and sits him on a bench. Alex can't tell if he's shivering from cold or panic but he feels better when Jack sits close to him. 

"Come here," he says softly, wrapping an arm around Alex to keep him warm. "I'm sorry I got angry. I'm just scared."

They sit in silence until Alex's shaking mostly calms. Alex isn't sure what to say but he knows he should say something. 

"I think- I guess it is control," he says finally. "But the weight sort of shows progress so it's tied in." 

Jack rubs his shoulder comfortingly and Alex burrows his nose into his jacket. 

"You do know you're really fucking skinny, though, right?" Jack asks.

"I'm. . ." Alex hesitates. "I mean objectively I guess I'm sort of skinny-"

Jack reaches down and grasps Alex's wrist with one hand, his fingers easily wrapping around it even with all the layers. Alex is grateful for the layers that hide the mutilation underneath. 

"I can feel your bones even through all these layers," Jack says in a pained voice. "And your face- it's so thin and gaunt. You're just- you're sick, Alex, and you need to get better."

It's like a slap in the face but it's what he needs to hear. He knows that. Maybe there is a problem. Maybe even this has spiraled out of control and now he needs to stop it.

"I'm sorry," is all he can say.

"It's okay. You're gonna get better." 

He hasn't known Jack that long but for some reason he believes him. He's not sure what made Jack special enough to gain his trust but he's glad he gave it to him. Jack is life, Jack is good, Jack is happiness. Maybe Alex can get some of that, maybe he can get better. 

He ignores the nagging voice in the back of his head (Jack doesn't know you cut yourself, Jack doesn't know you want to die, Jack doesn't know you kill everything you touch).

It's the anniversary of the day his brother died. Not the day they pulled the plug, the day he slipped into a coma, because to Alex that was really the day he died. He's trying not to think about it this year but he's shaking extra badly an he broke his promise to Jack. He threw up everything he'd eaten that day. 

Jack had made him promise that even if he was going to skip meals, he would stop throwing up. It wasn't where it would end, it was just a start. There was no way Jack would settle just for that, he just understood that he couldn't make Alex better all at once. Alex had stayed true to his promise for an entire week but today the food had practically come up on its own. 

By the time Jack shows up and they head outside, Alex is panicking. He knows he should say something, but his mind is in overdrive and Jack looks so happy as he runs up and down the sidewalk, chattering away.

"- and my professor wanted a class photo, so everyone is just standing there and I'm like 'this is boring' so I flipped off the camera and now she's mad at me-"

Alex lets a small smile slip onto his face as Jack's story gets stranger and stranger and probably more and more made up as he goes. When an actual laugh comes out, Jack looks triumphant. 

Alex's brother slowly slips from his mind as he laughs at Jack's antics, even his tremors calming. He's not even worried about telling Jack that he broke his promise. Jack will forgive him, will help him start over, and everything will be okay. He and Jack are friends. 

Fiends. For some reason the word resonates with him strangely. Isn't friends what he wants to be with Jack? 

His thoughts are interrupted when Jack charges at him, scooping him up and twirling him around in the middle of the sidewalk. 

"Jack!" Alex gasps through his laughter, pretending that an undignified squeal did NOT come out of his mouth. "Put me down!"

"Neveeeeerr!" Jack yells. They get a few glares and a lot of smiles from passersby. 

Jack sets him down only to pick him up again bridal style. This time Alex can't ignore the squeak he lets out, and Jack laughs at him. 

"What the hell are you doing?" He demands, but he knows he looks ridiculous. His face is hot and his hair is pointing in all
he missed the fond look on Michael's face. Michael shook his head when he heard him, though, trying to drop the smile. It didn't work.

They sat in comfortable silence for what seemed like ages before their food came. Michael forgot to hold his menu up as he ate and Luke ended up ditching the hat because it was too big and he had trouble seeing under it. Once they started talking they couldn't stop, and they didn't notice when Ashton and Calum finished eating and left. Neither commented on it when they finally left.

_______

"It's my turn!" Luke hissed, elbowing Michael. "Hand them over."

Michael, who was clutching a pair of binoculars, giggled and pushed Luke away. 

"They're petting the elephant!"

"That not fair, Michael!" Luke pouted. Michael rolled his eyes. 

"Fine." He handed over the binoculars. Luke set them against his face and watched intently. 

"This so fits the stalking category," he said.

Michael shrugged. "We never said we weren't stalking them." 

"True."

Michael pulled out his phone and zoomed his camera in on Ashton and Calum who had moved a bit closer and were looking at the lions. Michael and Luke were hiding behind the monkey exhibit. 

"Get some pictures," Luke said, leaning over to look at the phone screen. His hand holding the binoculars dropped to his side and Michael scooted over until their shoulders and hips were pressed together. 

"They're such a cliche," Michael snorted, as Ashton took Calum's hand and dragged him excitedly over to another exhibit. 

Luke elbowed him and scowled but there was no fire behind it. 

"The aquarium!" Luke exclaimed suddenly. 

"Aw, shit," Michael said. 

"Please, please, please?" Luke pleaded. 

"No. We'll lose them."

"We've been watching them already. And we can always catch up to them later. We have to see the penguins, Michael. Think of the penguins."

"You're a penguin," Michael said half-heartedly, but he couldn't resist Luke's puppy dog eyes. "Fine."

Luke grabbed his hand and yanked him toward the aquarium without warning and Michael began to wonder how Calum hadn't gotten whiplash.  

"I wonder if they'll have several kinds," Luke chattered excitedly. 

Michael felt less reluctant when he saw Luke's face as he pressed his hands against the glass and watched the penguins. Luke may have been in awe of the animals, but Michael was in awe of him. 

_______

"I want ice cream too," Luke said. 

"You have to write all this down!" Michael insisted, pulling down his sunglasses to stare at Luke. 

Luke crossed his arms and pouted. "Calum's nicer to Ashton than you are to me."

"They're dating," Michael rolled his eyes. 

"We have no evidence of that," Luke huffed. 

"Just because we haven't seen them making out doesn't mean they're not together," Michael told him. 

Luke shrugged and scribbled furiously on his pad. 

Finally Michael sighed. "Stay here and take notes. I'll go get us icecream." 

Luke beamed. "Thanks Michael, you're my favorite."

"You only say that when I buy you stuff," Michael grouched, but he felt flattered. Luke was writing even faster as he left. 

"Seriously, you're the best," Luke said when Michael came back and handed him an icecream cone.

"Eat it fast," Michael told him, setting to work on his own. "It's too hot and it'll melt quickly."

Under two minutes later, Luke had dropped the scoop off of his cone and onto the sidewalk. 

"Shit," he said, pouting down at the sticky puddle. Sighing, Michael handed his to Luke. 

"Here," he said. "I mainly got icecream cause of you anyway."

"We can share," Luke said. He licked it and then held it out to Michael. Again, Michael couldn't say no. He took a lick and handed it back.

"That's...different," he said. 

Luke giggled and took another taste. "Your face is ridiculous," he said as Michael took a lick. 

"My face or the one I'm making?" Michael asked. 

Luke stuck his tongue out at him and Michael smashed the cone on it.

_______

"Ow! Sit down!" Michael hissed at Luke.

"I'm sorry I've got nice long legs and yours are short and stubby," Luke said defensively, plopping into the seat by Michael and pulling down the arm rest. 

"My legs are fabulous," Michael hissed. 

"Whatever you say," Luke said, glad that the dark theater hid the flush on his face as he silently agreed with Michael. "What movie are we even watching?" 

"I have no idea," Michael said. "Where are Calum and Ashton?" 

"Two rows ahead, four seats to the
,” she says finally, voice cracking. “I had to break the news to her because my parents, 

her

 parents, wouldn’t. I thought she knew…”



“That’s not your fault,” he says, surprising himself with his gentleness. Betty deserves gentleness, though.



“I wish it was!” she bursts out, and then she too looks shocked at herself, but she continues anyway. “It would- it would be easier if it was my fault. I could deal with it, I could know the motives and the reasons why and how and I would still be able to trust my own-”



She’s blinking back tears rapidly, and she turns her face away from him, biting her lip. Her fists tighten, and Jughead knows he’s in over his head, but there’s no one else. Who’s going to help her, her mom? Her dad? Archie? He scoffs inwardly. Everyone around her has to have failed her miserably for 

him 

to be the one here with her in her dark moment. He doesn’t always understand normal human emotion, just his own. He’s odd, he’s the outcast. He doesn’t cry in front of other people or tell his friends about the girl he’s crushing on, though the last may be because his friends consist of a best friend on probation, half friends that Betty knows, and, well, the girl he’s crushing on. If he’s totally honest, and he’s usually morbidly so, it’s down to just her. 



Godammit, Jughead can be gentle and loving and tender if he needs to be, he just hasn’t found a good enough reason to be until now. 



“Betty, hey, Bets…” Touch. She always responds to touch- she even seeks it out frequently, so he tentatively and gently wraps his hand around her upper arm. “None of this is your fault, and it sounds like Polly knows that. That means that if she’s going to come to someone, if she’s going to trust someone...it will be you. She’s not running away from you, she’s running away from your parents. You’re all she’s got right now.”



Betty’s lips are still quivering, the tears only just barely held captive in her eyes by sheer stubbornness, and if Jughead was one for cliches he’d say it breaks his heart. It still does, he’s just not going to say it. 



“I’m tired... I’m just so tired,” she says in response, and he knows. 

He knows.

 It’s written all over her, all of the time. In her sloping shoulders and unnecessary apologies and heartbreak over her torn up family and stupid best friend.



He also knows that she doesn’t just mean physically, but he carefully guides her toward her closet anyway. “Let’s get you warm and dry and you can rest, alright? We won’t be able to find anything tonight, but first thing in the morning we can go back. We can hunt for clues together, if you’d like. Would you like that?”



“Yeah,” she says weakly. She wakes up a bit then, finding them both towels and retreating to the bathroom to change. All Jughead can do is take off his soaked jacket, but only the hems of his pants are still wet, and he takes off his shoes, lamenting the fact that he’ll have to remove his beloved hat and let it dry. Betty returns with a hoodie that she quietly explains belongs to Archie, and Jughead thanks her for it but leaves it draped over a chair. He doesn’t want to look at it right now. Not after earlier and not after Archie started being such a dumbass. He wants to talk to Betty about what happened, but he’s a little afraid she switched topics on him because she’s sweet and just went through her own heartbreak and doesn’t want to hurt him. He’s fairly certain he wasn’t misreading things, though, so all he can do is file it away for a better time and pick the situation apart in his own calculating way. 



“Can you sit with me for a bit?” she asks him in small voice as she curls up on her bed against her headboard, and who is he to say no? He’s never really managed to when it comes to her, not yet at least, and he doesn’t plan on starting right now when she’s over there looking so...

broken.




“Yeah, of course,” he says, and she smiles at him as he sits on the bed, shuffling up against the headboard as well. He’s taken aback at the smile. He’s seen it a thousand times, but it’s never looked this wrong. She ought to smile all the time but she also ought to be able to mean it. To actually be happy. He’d
face hardened at the feeling.

"I don't cry anymore either," he added, and then he slammed the window shut.

"Dad broke my arm. Then he threw your a stuff out, four years later. I hid your music, though, and I've been listening to it."

The upturned face was pale with underlined eyes. A bitter smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.  

"I don't really see Calum. Mom and dad don't want people around and I don't have many chances to go over and see him."

The knuckles gripping the window sill were white. "My chest is still cold. I'm so tired all the time, and I feel absolutely no motivation. I'm not being lazy, some days I just feel like I physically can't keep moving."

A sharp laugh burst out. 

"Except- I pulled your guitar out of the trash can before they picked it up. I'm teaching myself, and I always want to play. It kind of makes me feel a little."

A sharp call interrupted him and he shut the window, looking at the star filled sky just once more before he turned and left.

"I'm supposed to decide what I want to do for the rest of my life, but I don't know. I just don't know. I want to- I want to play music. Nothing else matters to me. I don't care about anything. But I can't- it's not-"

His eyes were wide, his breath coming in short gasps, and his hands were trembling violently. The shaking traveled through his body and he fell to the floor, drawing short, ragged breaths. His head hit the wood of the floor and he could only stare helplessly at the door as he shook. 

"Jack..."

When the panic attack finally subsided, he pulled his weak head up. 

"I'm a wreck. And- I'm scared."

Then he curled into a ball on the floor and stared at the wall.

"I hate Luke."

There was no more bitterness on his face- there was nothing there anymore. 

"Dad stuck around."

He sighed. 

"Mom remembers that I exist."

The stars were hidden by clouds, but he found one to look at.

"I'm okay."

His lips parted, but nothing came out for a moment. He closed his eyes tightly. 

"You're still alive."

Long fingers slid underneath sleeves and ran lightly over fresh cuts before digging in, revisiting the pain.

"Those are all lies."

He dug in harder, his eyebrows drawing to ether at the pain. Something flared in his eyes for a moment, though. 

"I need to apologize to Luke for being an asshole because I do like him. Too much, but he won't now that part. Dad left seven months ago. Mom doesn't even make dinner for two people anymore."

He drew in a shaky breath. 

"And you're..."

His lips moved, but nothing came out. Finally he sighed and stood, climbing back into his window and shutting it. 

"I don't cut anymore. Calum found out." Deep breaths. "He wants me to talk to him, but I'm scared that I'll tell him by accident that- I think I'm in love with Luke. I think Calum knows anyway? But if he does, he knows not to mention it. Ashton joked about it once, but he hasn't said anything again. I don't think Calum will tell the other boys because I begged him not to and promised to stop.

"We're- we're getting somewhere. I think this is going to work. I think we can do something with this. But I'm scared."

His head bowed over his lap. "My chest is a little warmer, but it's still cold."

"We made it big, Jack. But I- I just fucked it up. Luke found out- he saw my arms. I made him cry."

For the first time in eight years, tears leaked out from under his closed eyelids, making warm trails on his cold face. He was on a hotel balcony, and the city lights blocked out nearly all the stars, but he found one to look at.

"I told him, Jack. I couldn't keep my damn mouth shut and I told him I love him."

He gripped the railing and looked down at the ground far below. "This is stupid," he muttered, wiping a hand over his face. "I'm talking to someone who can't hear me. I must be crazy."

He laughed bitterly through his tears. "You're dead! I might as well just say it."

The words catapulted into the sky in front of him and dropped onto the city. 

He wondered what it would be like to drop like that.

"My chest is freezing. My heart feels like it's
He had a heart attack." 

Then the room was gone again, and Luke was lost in limbo.

A hush fell over the previously loud room when Calum entered with Kayla. Jake trailed in behind them, and they all looked serious. Luke's heart sank. His eyes felt swollen when he turned to face them, but he hadn't shed a tear yet, and he hoped to god he wasn't going to be given more of a reason to now. 

"He's stable," Calum said quietly. Everyone in the room relaxed, and Luke felt as if a heavy pressure on his chest had been removed. He breathed freely again. 

"I me with the tour manager and some other people," Kayla addressed the whole room. "Unfortunately, the tour will have to be cut short. I'm sorry, but Michael has some serious issues to sort out. I have been given permission to address the specific issue that hospitalized Michael, but there is more that will not be disclosed a this time. Jake?"

Jake stepped forward and his exhaustion was quickly hidden away. "Michael has been suffering from an eating disorder. This disorder caused him to lose far too much weight, which weakened his heart and made him prone to a heart attack. Kayla and I were on tour to prevent as much damage as possible, but Michael refused further assistance and had several close calls."

"The public will not be notified of the details. Thank you for your time." 

Kayla swept out, but the normally straight line of her shoulders was broken, and Jake took her hand as he followed her out. 

Calum sat down by Luke on the bed and cleared his throat. "I'm sorry about the tour, everyone." 

"Hey, don't worry about us," Ashton said softly. They all knew the apology was aimed toward Summer Love Affair. From a business stand point, having their debut tour cut short could be devastating- but Luke felt confident that none of his bandmates were so shallowly inclined. "If we're going to make it as a band, we'll make it. Michael is our main concern right now. All of ours." 

"Did you talk to him?" Luke asked. His voice was gravelly but he refused to cry. He needed to be strong.

"Yeah. He wants all of us to visit tomorrow. And he feels like shit about it." 

"He's reacting positively?" Luke asked incredulously. He'd expected Michael to be resisting any sort of assistance. 

"I think he's realized that he scared the shit out of us," Calum said with a wet laugh. Ashton moved to sit next to him, throwing an arm around him and stroking his hand over his shoulder comfortingly. 

"When can we go see him?" Jack asked from where he and Alex were tangled up on the floor.

"Visiting hours start at nine, so we'll leave at 8:30. They're only going to let us in a couple at a time, though."

"I suppose that we should all get some rest," Ashton said, pulling himself to his feet. "This is mine and Luke's room, so get out." 

A few people let out weak laughs and then everyone left, but Luke barely noticed. When the room was empty, Ashton sat by him on the bed and pulled him into a hug.

"You knew, didn't you," he said softly. It wasn't really a question, but Luke nodded anyway. "Aw, babe I'm so sorry. It's not your fault, really."

Luke hadn't noticed the guilt before, but it suddenly flooded down on him, threatening to crush him. First his shoulders began to shake, and then suddenly the lump in his throat disappeared and he was sobbing. Ashton just pulled him closer and let him cry into his shoulder.

"He was dying," he cried. "I tried to help, but I didn't do enough, and he almost died." 

"Hey, it's okay, Luke. He's going to be okay."

"What if he's not? What if he won't get better?"

Ashton sighed. "He's got a lot of people who love him. We'll get him through it. He'll get better."

Luke sniffled. "I hope so."

 

 

 

They let Luke in alone, which he tried not to overthink- was the last to go in, and he didn't feel brave rough to go alone. Approaching the hospital room door was one of the hardest things he'd ever done. He didn't know what to expect, and he had no fucking clue what to say. 

Michael was fiddling with his IV and he didn't notice Luke walking in. It was a second before Luke realized that he was trying to pull it out. "Michael, stop!" He lunged forward and pulled Michael's hands away from the IV. 

"Luke?" Michael yanked his hands away and stared at him
coughed. "Yes, I saw it. It was wonderful. Ahem."

Zayn kicked him under the table, smiling at Niall.

"So...have you shown your professor?" Niall asked.

"Yeah, he loved it. He knows a guy who owns an art gallery and has sold some of my paintings and wanted to sell it, but I said not yet. I wanna keep it around a bit." 

Niall nodded in understanding. "Yeah, I can see that. I haven't seen any of your art, though."

"And I haven't heard you sing," Zayn teased. Niall grinned. 

"I'll drag you to one of his gigs," Louis promised, before squawking in surprise as Harry flopped into the chair by him. 

"Hey, love," Harry greeted, snickering at his ruffled boyfriend. 

"How's drama going?" Zayn asked Louis after he had finished with his and Haz's hello snog. 

"Fantastic! I absolutely love drama." Louis' enthusiasm spread to Harry, who leaned forward, eyes dancing.

"I've decided I'm going to have my own bakery someday."

"And I'll live with him in the house above it. I'll watch him bake during the day and he'll watch me act at night." Louis sighed dreamily and Niall laughed. 

"Bunch of sops, you are," he said, eyes twinkling. Zayn began to feel like his painting didn't do them justice, but he still liked it. It's image was imprinted in his mind. 

Maybe he'd show it to Niall sometime.
__

The weather was starting to warm up a bit, and Zayn stretched out his cramped body and went for a walk. After the painting he'd had some of the blue paint left, and he'd unashamedly gone back and bought even more, now having in his possession an art box full of solely that one blue paint. He began to use it in his abstract paintings, finding that it always stuck out to him, no matter how small an amount there was of it in a painting. 

It wasn't until he sold his sixth painting that he realized the blue paint wasn't his inspiration-

Niall was. 

With or without the blue, his paintings sold. They had become less drastic and depressing and...not really cheerful, but with a little lift of hope. Exactly how Niall had made him- happy. 

Mid-thought, he stopped short on the path at the park, ears straining. Someone was playing a guitar, and he walked forward to investigate. Going around some trees, he found Niall sitting on a bench, guitar in his lap. On his left lay a notebook and his guitar case was leaning against the bench legs. As he opened his mouth and sang, Zayn felt himself stop completely. He wanted to paint that sound- that wonderful, perfect sound. He was amazing, truly amazing. Louis had been right. 

The blonde looked up, smiled at him, and continued playing, a soft look in his eyes. It felt like centuries but also a mere second before he was finished, smiling at Zayn again, but this time almost hesitantly. 

Zayn sat by him. "That was amazing."

"Thanks." Niall turned completely red and Zayn laughed to himself. 

"No, really. You're fantastic, and you can definitely tell that you love it."

"I do. It's sort of all that I'm any good at." He smiled down at his guitar fondly. 

"I doubt that, but even if it's true, your music is more than good enough alone."

Niall looked at him gratefully. "Thanks. I appreciate the encouragment- it can get a little discouraging at times."

"No problem. Would you play more, actually?"

"I'd love to, of you really want to hear." Niall looked at Zayn and Zayn nodded quickly. 

"Yeah, I want to hear."

Late that night, Niall had to go and Zayn headed back to the dorms. He was stiff from sitting on the bench too long, but he still sat in front of a new, empty canvass and painted sound as best he could. 

More specifically Niall's voice.

Remember- review!! ^^

I give you a new chapter!! I'm so sorry it took so long. I suddenly got into Teen Wolf (sounds lame-o, I know, but Stiles!) and started shipping Sterek and it's gotten me really busy reading fanfiction, hehe. 

Anyway, here you go.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"It's amazing," Liam said, and Zayn detected a hint of almost awe in his voice as he stared at the painting. "What is it?"

"Um." Zayn didn't quite know how to tell his roommate that he'd been painting Niall Horan's voice, especially with such obvious emotion. "It's someone's voice."

Liam smiled almost mischievously. "Aw...Zaynie's found