a kandra working for him. No noble would willingly cooperate with Kelsier’s mad scheme to dismantle the system that kept them in power, so of course he had to get a kandra to do the job.

Beyond that, Zane realizes where the conversation is heading. If Kelsier is asking to kandra to wear his own bones, that means Kelsier is planning to die. The rebellion will die without him, of that Zane is sure. And the kandra will go back to wherever it is kandra go as the Contract will end when Kelsier dies.

Unless Kelsier planned to die when he made the Contract, and is passing it off to someone else.

Zane strains his ears to hear more.

“After I’m gone I want you to stay. Protect Vin. She’s likely going to be resistant to the idea, but she’s going to need all the help she can get. I’m afraid I’ve made her something of a target, and she’s going to have the hardest job once the Lord Ruler falls.”

“You know I will protect Mistress Vin,” the kandra says. “It is in the Contract.”

“Yes, but I think that she will try to release you from the Contract,” Kelsier says.

“She cannot do that,” the kandra informs Kelsier. “You paid for my Contract and my Contract is with you, her wishes do not factor in to my orders.”

“I suppose so,” Kelsier muses. “Even so, I am concerned. I will figure something out, and inform you of my decision before the end. Thank you, OreSeur.”

There is silence followed by the shuffling of feet and the closing of a door. Taking a gamble, Zane hopes that OreSeur left the the room as he drops onto the balcony. He slips in the unsecured door to where Kelsier is frowning at him.

“How much of that did you hear?” he asks.

“You plan on having the kandra wear your bones,” Zane says. “You intend to leave us leaderless before the plan is complete.”

“Not entirely leaderless,” Kelsier corrects. “Though your general impression is correct.”

“Why?”

Kelsier smiles as he answers. “We cannot take the city alone, let alone hold it. None of our plans or schemes can work if we are the only ones who are willing to risk our lives for it. We need the skaa to rebel en masse, and the only way to do that is to give them something to believe in. Something other than the Lord Ruler and his oppression.”

“You,” Zane realizes.

“Me,” Kelsier agrees.

“You intend to martyr yourself to raise the skaa,” Zane says. “You know that if you do this, you’ll become the new god.”

“Better me than the Lord Ruler,” Kelsier says with a hint of humor. “And the people will undoubtedly look to Vin as my successor, which is why I need her protected. A new religion can have one martyr god, but not two.”

Zane nods. “Your kandra will protect her. They always obey the Contract.”

“Yes, but I think she will make it difficult for him.”

Zane thinks of what he knows about Vin. The stubborn tilt to her chin when she felt she was in the right even with all evidence to the contrary, the quiet way she observed a room from the edges, the way her body moved that said she knew in her bones what it was to be abandoned.

“No,” he agrees, “she won’t make it easy.”

“Will you,” Kelsier pauses, as though his request is asking is so momentous that he can barely say it. “Will you make sure she stays safe?”

There is a pause, and Zane feels a wave of shock pass through him. That Kelsier trusts him enough to ask him this guarantees his answer before he even has a chance to think about it.

“Of course.”

“You understand then. As my successor I need her to be protected once I’m gone,” Kelsier says, his voice rougher than Zane expected. Kelsier truly cares about his crew, but from what Zane has seen Kelsier thinks of Vin as the daughter he never had, and that puts her in a special position. “She is very strong willed, and I’m concerned that she will try to send OreSeur away where he cannot protect her. If she tries, will you intervene and keep OreSeur where he can help her the most? It may not be at her side, but I trust your judgement on this. Make sure that she is safe, Zane. Please.”

Zane meets Kelsier’s eyes to let him know he understands the burden he is agreeing to take on. That he understands that he is responsible for making sure Vin is able to carry on Kelsier’s legacy. “I will keep her safe,” he says, “with everything that I have.”

Kelsier nods, standing taller as though Zane had taken a physical weight off his shoulders. “Thank you, Zane.”

Zane nods, because what can he say to that
.”

The last pin clicked into place.

“We’re in!” Hide said in a low voice, turning the handle and opening the door. Kimi and Nishio wasted no time in ducking inside, pulling Hide in with them and closing the door behind him.

“Lock it,” Nishio hissed from behind Hide. “Lock it and let’s get out of sight.”

Hide watched Kimi reach up and close the deadbolt, his head still a little too fuzzy from the adrenaline rush to process anything else.

“Behind the desk,” Nishio said, half-leading half-carrying Kimi and Hide around to the opposite side of the large wooden desk that sat in the middle of the room.

“They’re less likely to see us if we stay up against the wall by the door,” Kimi protested weakly.

“But they’ll be less likely to look here if they have the keys to the door,” Nishio countered.

Hide couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh. “If they have the keys to the door, we are fucked.”

Nishio glared, but didn’t have a comeback for that. Hide wished he could have taken pride on getting one up on Nishio, but the current situation had sapped all of the humor out of him.

Cold blooded murder tended to do that.

They sat in silence for a while, watching the clock as the minutes ticked by. The tension in the room didn’t so much fade as it settled into the background, creating a thick wall around them as they strained for any sign that the CCG might have left.

Or that they were coming.

Nishio tensed beside him, and Hide’s felt his heart leap heart leap into his throat at the unspoken warning. Sure enough, a few seconds later he heard footsteps coming up the stairs.

“Everyone’s out for lunch and we already checked the classrooms on the second floor, I don’t get why we have to sweep the place too,” complained a male voice from the hallway.

“Lots of students stay over lunch to do work, and we need to make sure we scan everyone,” said a calmer, deeper voice.

“Yeah,” replied the first, “but it’s not like we won’t be able to catch them at the end of the day. I don’t get why we have to do this now.”

“We’re doing this now and we’re doing this again after classes end. We have to be thorough in order to root out this infestation,” the second voice replied, clearly rehashing a routine argument.

“I still don’t think it’s going to help,” the first voice said wearily. “But I know how to do my job. Lead on.”

The voices stopped, and Hide strained to hear whether the footsteps were approaching or not as the two men walked down the hallway.

The sound of a door opening in the hallway nearly made him jump out of his skin.

“Clear,” said the first voice a few moments later.

The door closed and Hide held his breath as the hallway went quiet again. He heard the shuffling of fabric beside him, and looked over to see Nishio and Kimi shifting into a more comfortable position. Nishio seemed to relax a little, some of the stiffness easing out of him now that Kimi was resting her head on his shoulder. Hide met Kimi’s gaze and they shared a moment of silent appreciation for her ability to calm Nishio down.

A loud squeak echoed down the hallway, closer this time, and any good Kimi had managed to do disappeared as Nishio went rigid again.

“Clear,” the voice said again.

“We don’t know that they’ll come check in here,” Hide whispered, trying to sound like he wasn’t panicking just as much as Nishio. “And even if they do, it doesn’t sound like they’re using keys.”

Another door opened.

“It doesn’t sound like they need to,” Nishio gritted out. “Would you shut up?”

It was clear that the men in the hallway were coming closer, so Hide took Nishio’s advice and stayed quiet. Given the acoustics of the dean’s office and the fact that they were keeping their voices down, Hide doubted that the investigators would be able to hear him from the hallway. But even if they couldn’t, it was apparent that his habit of talking through stressful situations didn’t help Nishio the way it did Kimi.

“Clear.”

If there had been any room for doubt the investigators were getting closer, it was gone now. Not that there was really anything he could do about it, but just the knowledge that they were closer was making Hide’s breath shorten and his heart catch.

Hide sucked in a deep breath through his nose, holding it for a few seconds before letting it out in an effort to keep himself from hyperventilating. By the third breath, he felt himself starting to relax.


Crack.


The sudden noise took any semblance of calm Hide had managed to gather and threw it to the wind.
4.

The fourth time Tsukiyama tried to sway Kaneki over to his point of view didn’t go any better than his previous attempts.

“This really is a lovely house, Kaneki-kun,” Tsukiyama said, making a show of admiring the trim on the walls as he leaned against the doorjamb.

“It’s a convenient location,” Kaneki replied as he pulled on his workout clothes. “Which you know since you helped find an innocuous neighborhood that would make a good base.”

“Indeed,” Tsukiyama agreed, remembering the hours Kaneki had put in to sussing out the perfect place for the house. It had taken almost a month of subtle inquiries and shrewd bargaining to acquire accommodation for so many ghouls in an existing ward without raising any hackles, and watching Kaneki stretch his wings to defend his fledgling flock had been an experience Tsukiyama didn’t plan to forget.

“Still,” Tsukiyama continued, “I can’t help but think that it would be more useful to have everyone here, especially now that you’re making waves with your eating habits.”

“I do have everyone here.”

“You do?” Tsukiyama said incredulously, feeling something he might have labeled as betrayal if he didn’t know better.

Kaneki gave him a crooked grin, looking him right in the eyes as he twisted the knife deeper. “Everyone who needs to be here, Tsukiyama-san.”

“Why?” Tsukiyama asked, his voice going quiet the way it only ever did when he was serious.

Gaze softening at Tsukiyama’s distress, Kaneki leaned in close enough that they wouldn’t be overheard and placed a comforting hand on Tsukiyama’s shoulder. “I appreciate what you’ve done for me, but I can’t justify keeping a weapon here with Banjou and Hinami and everyone else. If you wish to remain my sword you will have continue living elsewhere.”

It wasn’t that Tsukiyama hadn’t understood that he didn’t mesh well with the other members of Kaneki’s entourage, but hearing it said out loud seemed to cast a new light on the subject, making it seem less harsh and unbearable.

“Of course,” he said, regaining his manners and stepping back to give Kaneki a sweeping bow. “In that case, I shall retire to the armory, unless you have need of a sparring partner this evening?”

His comment earned him a rare smile of gratitude. “No thank you, Tsukiyama-san. I will see you tomorrow to discuss our next move.”

Tsukiyama dipped his head in acknowledgment and made his way to the door, shutting it gently behind him as Kaneki started his pre-workout stretches in silence. Taking a deep breath of the outside air Tsukiyama turned toward his apartment, satisfied with the security of his place at Kaneki’s side.


5.

The fifth time Tsukiyama made a suggestion, it might have come out a little harsher than he intended.

In his defense, his day had gone from bad to worse starting with a moderately violent run in with Touka in which she had taken out her frustrations at Kaneki’s reclusive habits on him and culminating in this, a reminder that out of everyone in Kaneki’s team he was the only one not trusted enough - not good enough - to live in the communal house.

Banjou glanced up from his seat in the foyer when Tsukiyama entered, his body language instantly going from relaxed to on guard. Tsukiyama did his best to ignore it, striding past him to take a seat next to Hinayana on the couch, but the blatant distrust still stung.

Hadn’t he proven his dedication to Kaneki? Hadn’t he done it convincingly enough? Or had Banjou and his band of misfits conveniently forgotten about the incident where Tsukiyama helped Kaneki eliminate all the ghouls from his old stomping grounds just because Kaneki had requested it?

Whatever the case, the barely restrained hostility in the room did nothing to improve Tsukiyama’s mood.

“Were you looking for onii-chan?” Hinami asked, looking up from the collection of short stories she had open on her lap. He nodded and she blinked guilelessly up at him, appearing completely oblivious to the tension around her. “He’s upstairs. He’s been upset lately.”

Tsukiyama briefly considered the merits of waiting for Kaneki to emerge on his own before discarding the idea; he was liable to hide himself away from the world unless there was some earth shattering crisis afoot. It would be good for him to have some company.

“Thank you for telling me, milady,” Tsukiyama said, standing up and giving her a courtly bow and reaching out to kiss the back of her hand. “I shall endeavor to rescue your prince and return him to your side.”

Hinami giggled, pulling her hand away and gracing Tsukiyama with a genuine smile. “I don’t think onii-chan needs to be rescued today, Tsukiyama-san.”

“Ah, let me tell you a secret,” Tsukiyama replied, raising his finger to his lips as he leaned in to whisper in her ear. “Kaneki-kun needs to be saved from himself more often than not.”

When he pulled
be able to bring it out unless you really want me to stop.”

Haise recoiled away from the ghoul’s voice, tugging helplessly against the kagune that held him in place. “Let me go,” he pleaded, his voice rising hysterically with every word. “Let me go let me go let me go let me go.”

“Make me,” the ghoul replied, sliding forward to straddle Haise. “You know how.”

“I can’t,” Haise moaned as he tried to shift away from the ghouls advances. “I can’t, I don’t know how. I can’t.”

“Doesn’t matter if you know how or not,” the ghoul said lightly, sucking marks into Haise’s neck. “Your body knows.”

“No,” Haise said desperately, clinging to the one thing he knew. “No it doesn’t. I’m Sasaki Haise, a ghoul investigator under the Mado squad. I am Sasaki Haise.”

“You are,” the ghoul agreed with a cheeky grin. “But your body isn’t.”

“I am,” Haise insisted, trying not to lose his focus as he felt the ghoul unbuttoning his shirt and pushing the fabric away from his skin. “I am a ghoul investigator and my name is Sasaki Haise.”

The ghoul didn’t reply, instead trailing his hands down Haise’s chest and prodding gently at his abdominal muscles to make him flex.

“Good,” it purred, apparently pleased by the response. Haise felt bile rising in his throat. “Very good.”

“Stop,” he whispered, barely able to get the words out. “Please stop.”

The ghoul leaned in, smirking as its hands circled around Haise’s body to rest meaningfully on the small of his back. “Then stop me. You know how; it shouldn’t be hard.”

“I can’t,” Haise said, his voice breaking. “I can’t do it, please let me go.”

The ghoul chuckled and pushed his hands lower, fingers brushing against Haise’s belt. “Can’t just means you don’t have the proper motivation. Do you think I’ll stop just because you tell me to?”

Haise shuddered and whined, trying to move himself away from the unwanted touch. The ghoul sat up with him, angling itself to look directly into Haise’s eyes. “Or maybe you want me to keep going.”

“Please no,” Haise begged, willing to degrade himself so long as the ghoul would just stop.

“Hmm, I know you’ve been eating enough, so it must be the motivation.” Haise felt a tug on the front of his pants, then a clank and a release as his buckle came undone. The ghoul’s hands slipped down his back, leaving the area where his kagune would come out in favor of fondling his buttocks. Unable to move away, Haise yelped as he felt a finger brush against his hole.

“I will,” the ghoul smirked, circling a finger around the sensitive skin of his opening. “I know you heal fast, so I won’t even need to hold back.”

“No,” Haise murmured as he bucked against the kagune holding him down. “No. No, no, no, nonononono.”

The finger pushed against him, breaching his opening. “Yes, Haise,” the ghoul whispered into his shoulder. He felt its mouth tick up into a smile before he heard the next words. “Your body is weak and it’s telling me yes.”

Haise cried out in pain as the ghoul hooked the finger, digging the nail into the delicate skin of his rectum.

“You like this,” the ghoul accused. “You like being held down, being forced to take it.”

A tentacle slithered down his body to wind its way into his pants, wrapping around his still flaccid cock. “No? Maybe something else then,” the ghoul suggested.

The limb curled around his neck unraveled and Haise breathed a sigh of relief, letting his head come up to rest at a more natural angle. Seconds later a searing pain shot through his ass as something wide and blunt forced its way into him beside the finger. Haise screamed, his eyes flying open and breath coming in pants as he tried in vain to wriggle away from the intrusion.

“Excellent,” the ghoul breathed out, nipping playfully at his shoulder even as the kagune in his ass ripped at his lining, tissue healing almost as fast as it was torn. Haise stilled, whimpering as the ghoul shredded his passage again and again, the pain increasing every time the wounds reopened.

Finally giving in and shutting himself down, Haise let his consciousness drift away from his body. In here it was okay; there would be no repercussions, no innocent bystanders who could be hurt. It would be better to let the ghoul take out its aggression here than risk it coming out when he was around people.

“I think you’re ready now,” the ghoul said, its kagune sliding in and out of Haise’s hole easily now that the
himself behind the concrete as the column he had just been behind collapsed under a coordinated attack from two quinques.



Bikaku quinques, to be precise. Good for beginners due to ease of use, his mind supplied, best at mid range combat and more durable than rinkaku kagunes. It would be best if he could avoid being hit by an attack, which was fine by him; his plan had been to stay on the move all along.



Kaneki took off again in the direction Urie and Shirazu came from, using the noise of the collapsing column to mask the sound of his footsteps.



“Fuck, he got away!” Shirazu swore as the last of the dust cleared, revealing a pile of rubble and no trace of Kaneki.



Watching carefully from behind their position, Kaneki saw Urie grit his teeth as he muttered quietly, “Hand signals, Shirazu. He can hear us.”



Kaneki couldn’t see Shirazu’s face, but the eye roll was obvious anyway, as was the sloppy salute he sent Urie’s way before they split up, Shirzau running left and Urie running right.



Urie clearly had a better handle on the situation, so Kaneki decided to follow him, staying just out of sight as he darted from pillar to pillar. As Urie approached the opposite wall of the room, Kaneki held back to make sure Shirazu hadn’t doubled around to track him. Not sensing a follower, Kaneki left the cover of the columns to launch an attack on Urie.



Diving down, Kaneki set his sights for Urie’s legs. Going for the low shot was often the best course of action early in a fight, as it left the most options for escape if the attack became compromised and it had the additional benefit of leaving the opponent momentarily defenseless as they regained their balance if the strike was a success.



Fortunately for Urie, being in a fight seemed to enhance his reflexes, because he twisted around and jumped in time to avoid being hit by Kaneki’s attack. Unfortunately for him, Kaneki had more experience with fighting and was able to get his feet under him first, pivoting and catching Urie by the ankle before he had time to get away.



Kaneki yanked down, pulling Urie back to the ground and moving in under his hastily erected guard. Reaching for his throat, Kaneki found his path blocked by something new. 
Kagune
, his mind supplied.



Disentangling himself, Kaneki jumps back, using the distance to observe the new development. Urie held his quinque somewhat awkwardly in his left hand, his right surrounded with the red and blue bulk of a koukaku kagune. From his stance, Kaneki could see that Urie didn’t have much experience using the quinque and kagune in tandem, and if he insisted on holding on to both it would become an easily exploitable weakness.



Urie dissolved his kagune, shifting his quinque into a more familiar hold. Kaneki watched in approval, noting that Urie chose to take on a defensive stance even though his quinque type had the advantage at their current distance.



Sensing a presence behind him, Kaneki dove to the side just in time to avoid being impaled by a series of spikes. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Urie sprinted forward to where Kaneki had landed, his quinque in position to strike at Kaneki’s midsection. Caught off guard by the attack on a non-vital area, Kaneki chose to block with his arms, feeling the cracking of bones as he absorbed the shock of the blow.



“Not bad,” Kaneki said grudgingly as he regained his footing, stretching out his arms to let them reattach properly. He glanced at Shirazu, wary of taking his gaze off of Urie for too long. “You hide your whereabouts well, but the plan was too obvious and you weren’t prepared for my pursuit.”



“And now you’ve seen our kagune but we haven’t seen yours,” Urie said, completing the unspoken portion of Kaneki’s analysis. “Of course.”



“Hmm, yes,” Kaneki agreed, “But you do seem to work well together, and two against one is always better odds.”



Kaneki heard a snort from Shirazu’s direction as if he wanted to disagree, but Urie gave him a glare and he quieted. Grinning to himself, Kaneki wondered what it was like to work in a group with Urie. He imagined it was probably irritating but rewarding; being in groups with controlling assholes usually was.



He should know; he’d led a group like that.


And apparently he was supposed to be leading this one too.


“My turn then,” Kaneki said, whirling away from Urie and lunging towards Shirazu. The surprised expression on Shirazu’s face when Kaneki got up close and the hastily erected block with his kagune told Kaneki he’d made the right choice; Urie might be the brains of this fighting duo, but he also had a solid defense and offense. Kaneki’s healing might mean that any long distance injuries Shirazu inflicted would be superficial, but that sort of distraction could be fatal if it came at the wrong time.



Letting out four of his kagune’s arms, Kaneki used it to flick aside the sloppy defense
ve heard it’s pleasant.”

“Yeah,” Hide agreed with a small smile. “They’ve got some really good universities too. I’m going to Kamii when I have time between jobs.”

The university name itched at the back of his mind, but Haise pushed it down to focus on whether or not Hide would be able to help him with his current investigation. “Does your work put you in contact with any foreign visitors?”

“Not really,” Hide replied, seeming confused by the question. “I see more exchange students at Kamii than I do working. Why?”

So he saw foreign students on a regular basis. Haise debated thanking him for his time and leaving, but some instinct told him that if he pushed he might be able to find out more.

“There have been an increasing number of cases where ghouls have been targeting foreigners who aren’t familiar with the city,” Haise said, giving a quick summary of the case he was working on. “We think it’s a group effort rather than a few individuals working alone.”

“A group of ghouls interested in foreigners?” Hide repeated back at him, frowning and leaning forward to rest his chin on his hand. “I haven’t seen anything like that, but there have been some rumors going around. I heard one of the exchange students talking about a meeting being set up at a park in the 13th ward, and she hasn’t been in class since. No one else went so there’s nothing substantial, but I wouldn’t be surprised if ghouls were advertising support groups as bait.”

“Have you heard of any other meetings?” Haise asked, intrigued by Hide’s idea. If ghouls were advertising on college campuses, it wouldn’t be too difficult to track them down.

Hide shook his head. “Nah, as far as I can tell it’s been word of mouth only. And I don’t have a personal connection, so I’ve tried not to get involved.”

“You’ve gotten involved before?” Haise asked, picking up on something in Hide’s words.

A pained expression flashed across Hide’s face, and he turned his gaze down to the table. “I used to work part time for the CCG. I left after I wasn’t able to help my friend,” Hide chewed on his lip or a moment before looking up and catching Haise’s eyes. “I might be able to help you though. Maybe work as an informant?”

The offer left Haise feeling off balance as he tried to come up with a response. “I need to report all my sources in my reports, but if you’re okay with that we could work something out.”

He expected Hide to agree; if he’d worked with the CCG before he had to know how things were done. He certainly didn’t anticipate the way Hide cringed at the idea. “I’d rather not then,” he said, shaking his head. “Too many bad memories.”

The honesty in Hide’s statement made Haise want to try again. “I could probably keep you as an anonymous source,” he offered, mind scrambling to work out how he could explain it to Akira without raising any eyebrows. “It would help if you’re concerned about someone seeing your name and trying to pull you back in.”

Haise knew he’d hit the mark on the head when he saw the spark of interest rekindle in Hide’s eyes.

“Anonymous?” Hide repeated. “Yeah, I could do anonymous.”

“Great,” Haise said, an unexpected feeling of relief washing over him at the knowledge that he’d be staying in contact with Hide. “Could I set up a time to check in with you?”

“I’m usually over here on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons,” Hide shrugged. “If you’ve got stuff going on then, maybe sometime on the weekend?”

“Thursdays are good,” Haise replied, checking his watch. “I do have to go today, but I’ll see you next week?”

“Yeah,” Hide said, a blindingly bright smile crossing his face as he spoke. “I’ll see you next week, Sasaki.”

Haise nodded and stood up, heading out the door and back to work. It didn’t occur to him until he was halfway through a meeting with Akira that he’d never given Hide his name.

*   *   *

A few weeks later Haise found himself sitting with a cup of coffee and waiting for Hide in the back corner of :Re, musing over the chain of events that had unfolded since their first meeting.

Despite a slightly rocky start, Haise had come to trust Hide and his information. He’d never fully pinned down how Hide had gotten his name, but he’d decided to take it as a demonstration of his fact finding abilities and he hadn’t been disappointed. Although Hide was remarkably close mouthed about exactly how he got his intel, his suggestions had proven to be worth their weight in gold.

Following Hide’
of germinating, I’ll be back in business. They were vacuum sealed before we left, so I don’t really need to worry about the depressurization. The only problem would be the temperature extremes from when the Hab deflated. No one is entirely sure what temperature extremes the seeds can withstand, but we botanists do know that it’s a very wide range.

They might grow. My professional diagnosis is a strong maybe.

Just to be safe, I’ll start over again with spreading the bacteria around the dirt. I don’t want to be planting my potential food supply in barren soil. I’ll start tomorrow.

Ugh, this is going to kill my back.

 

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 219

I have a sprout!

It’s in the plot where I put the beans. It’s not too surprising since bean seeds, especially black bean seeds like I have, are exceptionally hardy. The plants not so much. I’m going to have to be extremely careful if I want these little guys to grow into anything that can give me produce.

Another blessing is that beans require less water than potatoes. They also have a smaller yield than potatoes, but beggars can’t be choosers. For me this means I’ll have to be careful to watch the root systems to make sure the soil is draining properly. Soil on earth or in pots generally drains well, but my farmland is 10 centimeters thick and spread across a flat space of ground that makes its drainage ability suspect. Beans also dislike humid climates, but I already disabled the sauna option in the Hab so that’s okay.

Being a vine, beans also need something to grow on, so I’ve gone out and pulled up all my ASCII signs from around Pathfinder and I’m ready to repurpose the metal stakes as bean poles. These beans are going to receive the best care Mars can offer by the best botanist on the planet.

The bad news is that if the beans sprouted first, the peas probably aren’t going to. Garden peas like the ones they sent us with are one of the fastest growing garden plants, which means they would have sprouted before the beans if they were going to grow at all. It’s unfortunate because I could get two generations of peas in the same amount of time I get one generation of beans, so they would have been my second choice of crop after potatoes. But since I don’t need to have a huge produce to tide me over until the Iris probe lands, the beans will do just fine.

I also sent a message to Martinez today thanking him for being a stubborn little shit and being so good at his job. Why, you ask? Because his contributions to our mission have managed to save my life no less than four times. Once with the MDV fuel, once with his crucifix, once by virtue of his EVA suit being roughly the same size as mine and in pristine condition, and now because he insisted that bean dip was a traditional Thanksgiving dish at his house and if the rest of us white folk got our mashed potatoes he would damn well have his black beans.

So thanks, Martinez, for making sure they put black beans in our food supply. I’d be starving without you, buddy.

 

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 266

Today my crewmates made it back to earth.

NASA told me they left the Hermes and landed back on earth without any problems. They’ll be kept at the medical facilities for a while before they’re released back into the wild. Living in low gravity for as long as we do can have some serious side effects and NASA doctors need to give them a clean bill of health and help them habituate to earth gravity before they’re free to leave.

Plus the mission debrief.

I hope NASA doesn’t give them the third degree over leaving me here; it was the right thing to do and I’ll stand behind Commander Lewis’ decision on that even if I don’t make it off this stupid red hellhole. Besides, that would be a shitty welcome back to earth and I imagine they’re going to get enough of it from the media, no need for NASA to compound the problem. Maybe Dr. Shields will step in and stop mission control from being too insensitive.

Aside from knowing my crewmates are safe, the best part of them being back home is that they can write me from NASA and I should get the messages faster. During their trip home NASA didn’t send any code to the Hermes to let them talk to me directly, and made them go through headquarters in Huston so that mission control could censor anything they thought might lower moral.

They’ll still be censored, but at least now it’ll be faster. I can’t wait to hear from them.

 

LOG ENTRY: SOL 380

I present this log to you today with a crisis on my hands: almost all the prepackaged food is gone.

By almost all I mean all but 12 meals. I have 204 sols before the Iris probe lands, which means I have 192 days