s wearing the tiny jeans and long-sleeved blue shirt that Sam got him at Wal-mart yesterday. He had been wearing socks when they went to play outside but when they came back in, Sam thinks the socks got stuck in Dean’s little boots when he shucked them. Sam knows he should put Dean’s socks back on to keep his feet warm but Dean’s miniscule feet are so cute. They are soft on the bottom and the perfect baby pink and creamy white color. It’s almost inconceivable the little appendages will turn into Dean’s large, rough feet ever.

Dean does a kind of skip-walk into the kitchen, all jerky limbs, unsteady wobbles and frantic energy. Apparently you have to color at the kitchen table, because he’s already pulled back one of the heavy chairs using all his might and climbed up, resting back on his heels as he kneels on the chair so he’s big enough to comfortably reach the table top.

Sam carefully sets out some blank pieces of paper that he purchased, two color books, and the box of crayons. And then he just looms over Dean, not quite sure what to do.

Dean blinks up at Sam and then at one of the empty chairs and then back at Sam.

“Oh. Do you want…?” Sam points at himself and then at the chair. While Dean’s look doesn’t change it’s completely clear he thinks Sam is an idiot. “Sure, I can color with you.”

Sam eases himself down into the chair and drums his fingers for a second. Right. Coloring. All that time at Stanford is totally gonna pay off now. Dean has already grabbed on of the books and is flipping through it with purpose. He stops at a picture of Big Bird, rips it out of the book with aplomb and hands it to Sam.

“For me?” Sam eyes the sketch of Big Bird. “Okay. I can do that.”

Dean has already opened the box of crayons and is scrutinizing them with intensity. He finally pulls out a bright yellow, two kinds of orange and the black one. He plops them down next to Sam. When Sam doesn’t immediately get to work, Dean eyeballs him.

“I guess you were always bossy then, huh?” Sam says with an amused huff as he picks up the yellow crayon and starts shading in Big Bird. Dean watches for a moment until he is satisfied that Sam is doing it correctly before he starts choosing his own picture.

The color in silence for half an hour. Dean’s head pops up every couple of minutes to check on Sam’s progress. When he sees Sam close to the end of a picture, he chooses another one, selects the appropriate crayons and takes unneeded crayons back, placing them carefully in the box. Little Dean shows the same care with the colored wax that Big Dean shows with his guns. While Sam has been carefully coloring in Sesame Street characters (very carefully since Dean had frowned severely at him for a couple mistakes outside the lines) Dean has been hunched over a piece of blank paper, crafting a masterpiece.

A secret masterpiece, since he won’t let Sam have a peek. Finally Dean declares his object d’art complete and sits back on his haunches with a smug look.

“All done?” asks Sam, putting his green crayon down. He’s been working hard on Oscar the Grouch for the last three minutes.

Dean nods and then pushes his picture over to Sam.

Sam widens his eyes appreciatively and makes what he assumes are appropriate noises of admiration.

“Wow, Deano, this is really good,” he says as he stares at the picture.

Okay. The sun, he can definitely make out the sun; big yellow blob hovering off in the top corner.

House is easy enough too. It’s got cross-sticks for windows and a door with a handle with a triangle roof. Grass is easy to pick out as well, green spikes jutting up from the bottom of the page at all angles.

Then there’s a large blue and purple kind of splotch with what he thinks are hands and feet and… a plaid shirt? Maybe? And then a green circle with one big circle in the center and… a hat, he thinks. And then a smallish figure off to the side wearing a different shade of blue…

Holy shit. Sam thinks he gets it.

He looks at Dean whose eyes are shiny and proud and happy and then back down at the picture.“I’m Sully?” Sam asks as he points at himself and then at the picture. “Like the big blue guy in the movie?”

Dean bobs his head in happy agreement, seemingly pleased that Sam understood.

“And Bobby is Mike,” Sam continues and he moves onto the round, green blotch in the middle. The blotch that Dean tried to draw a ball-cap on.

Again Dean nods vigorously.

“And this is you.” He gestures to the stick figure in blue. Probably the penguin pajamas.

Dean’s chin goes up and
there.”

Dean drops his hands in his lap.

***

Dean is still, frozen in the motion of getting into the car. Fingers curling under the Impala’s handle on the passenger side, staring at his reflection in the glass of the rolled up window.

“Get in the car, Dean.”

Dean brushes his fingertips across the front of his forehead.

“Dean. In the car, please.”

Dean’s eyes pull away slowly from his reflection, hand lingering a little too long on his brow.

“I would tell you if there was something there. I would.”

Dean doesn’t answer him.

***

They’re watching Animal Planet. It’s not the best show for someone with post hell issues. There’s a high quotient of warm fuzzy, to be sure, but there’s also a not-so-surprising amount of predator and prey, animals cut down in the midst by Mother Nature’s Iron Fist. Watching a program on North American game seemed harmless enough until the narrator starts intensely describing how with one toss of its head the bison can impale you, the hard keratin punching through your chest cavity with crushing force.

Sam flicks the tv off, but it’s too late.

Dean has his fingers pressed up against his brow-bone since the mention of the word. Searching.

“Dean. They aren’t there.”

***
Sam’s dreaming he’s at the dentist.

They drill and drill and drill into his teeth, all while asking him insanely impossibly open ended questions that he absolutely cannot answer with two pairs of hands, a rubber dam and a dental drill in his mouth.


It is not the function of religion to quantify and qualify evil, but instead to redeem it.  Discuss.



Describe in detail the denaturation and coagulation of proteins as caused by a hot poker or a chemical burn.



If Train A leaves Boston and is going sixty miles per hour and Train B leaves Los Angeles going one hundred miles an hour, from how far away can you hear screaming?


He wakes with a jerk, disoriented and confused.

He still hears the drilling sound.

Dean’s not in his bed.

There is a sliver of light from underneath the closed bathroom door.

Dean is laughing again.

Sam’s up and at the door before knows it. Hand poised on the handle. It’s cool and slightly greasy to the touch. It turns easily under his hand.

Dean didn’t lock it.

Some dark part of Sam wishes he had.

The blood is splattered everywhere. Fine droplets sprayed against the used-to-be-white tile and never-will-be-white-again grout. It drips over Dean’s eyebrows, hitting his cheek and falling off his chin.

The drill bit is covered in blood and possibly skin, Sam’s not sure as he bats it out of Dean’s hand and sends it falling to the floor in a crash.

“I had to, Sammy. If I can get the roots out, they won’t grow.”

Dean stares up at Sam wide eyed and hopeful. Sam snaps a threadbare towel off the rack and folds it up, pressing it against Dean’s head hard.

Dean winces.

“I just gotta be sure I got it all. Or, they’ll… and it’ll…”

Sam tilts Dean’s head up and pulls the towel away to check the damage now that there’s not so much blood.

There’s two angry, gaping gouges in Dean’s forehead, one above each eyebrow. Sam’s eyes flick over the counter. The antiseptic, the knife, the spare battery for the drill.

He wants to vomit.

“Do you think I got it all? Does it look… I gotta know. Should I get the drill again?”

Sam presses the towel back to Dean’s head and wonders how the fuck he’s gonna stitch the gaping holes. He pulls Dean in to his chest, pressing his forehead in hard.

“Sammy? Did I get it all?” Dean’s voice is shaky and warbles slightly.

“Yeah,” Sam breathes. “Yeah, I think you did.”

“Really?”

Dean pulls back. Sam’s applies pressure to the towel and then winces slightly as he pulls it away again.

He leans closer to the wounds, feigns examining them.

“Looks good, Dean. Real good. Let’s stitch you up, hey?”

Dean’s shoulders sag in relief. “Okay.”

Thirty minutes later Sam applies the last piece of tape to hold the gauze down. He wasn’t able to stitch the holes completely shut; there wasn’t enough skin left so he did the best he could at the edges. They’ll give it a few days and see.

“I know it will scar,” Dean says casually, stepping out of the bathroom.

Sam can’t quite hear him as he scrubs his hands. Hard enough to leave sharp red marks on his skin. He grabs another towel and follows Dean out into the room.

“
‘no’, or ‘don’t’, and then Rodney heard the words ‘you’ll be fine’ mumbled out.

I’ve bad dreams, Rodney remembered John telling him in his drunken stupor. It would seem that he didn’t just have them when he was sopping blind drunk either. Rodney wondered how often of a regular occurrence this was.

Rodney was torn, not sure if he should ignore John’s somniloquy or if he should try to wake the man.

A sound of distress finally galvanized Rodney into action. God knew he’d had enough nightmares in his life that he wished someone would wake him from. He gingerly rolled a bit onto his side, toward John.

“John,” he stage-whispered, hardly lowering his voice. When nothing happened, he said it again, slightly louder.

When still nothing happened, Rodney hesitatingly reached out his hand and placed it carefully on John’s arm and gave it a slight squeeze and a shake.

“John,” Rodney said, this time his voice deep and sharp.

John immediately bolted upright and Rodney instinctively tightened his grip on John’s arm.

“You’re fine,” Rodney said quickly, knowing what it was like to wake from a bad dream, disoriented and confused, not sure if you’re awake or still unconscious. “You were… talking in your sleep,” Rodney said judiciously, not sure if he should mention John’s nightmares or not.

John rubbed his eyes with one and and fell back onto the pillows. “What did I say?” he asked sleepily.

Rodney managed a tiny half shrug. “I don’t know,” he lied. “I couldn’t make out the words.”

“Oh,” John said, his words slightly muffled as he yawned. “Sorry.”

“It’s fine,” Rodney replied and then at the slightly uncomfortable silence he added, “It’s not a problem.”

“Uh, if it happens again, just… don’t be afraid to wake me up.”

Rodney settled back again. “All right. And. You know. Ditto.”

He didn’t notice he still had his hand on John’s arm until he was almost asleep again and at that point, his body felt so heavy and dark that he didn’t want to move at all and he let his stay where it was, resting on John.

He didn’t hear John again that night.

***

John woke up feeling well rested and clear headed, which wasn’t the norm for him. Since his return from the war, he generally woke up slightly groggy from a night of fighting nightmares; from tossing and turning and shouting himself awake.

But this morning he felt pretty good. He made a move to stretch out his long body when he realized that Rodney’s hand was on his arm. He had a vague recollection of being woken up by Rodney in the middle of the night, Rodney telling him he was talking in his sleep and then settling back down.

It was probably the most innocuous waking from a nightmare he’d had since he was a child.

The bed-sheet was rumpled and rucked up, and when he looked down he could see where Rodney’s hand rested on his arm. Rodney’s skin was light against the darkness of John’s forearm. Rodney probably didn’t spend much time out of doors, whereas John had spent far too much time outside on the battlefield. Although as of late, his outdoor pursuits where much happier, involving his horses.

John titled his head up and centered his gaze on Rodney’s face. Rodney was still asleep in the same position on his back, his injured arm slung over his chest. His crooked mouth was slightly open and some quiet snores were emanating from him rhythmically.

He was married to this man.

Married.

He’d tried to picture himself married at times but when he had pictured himself with various people over the course of his affairs, he never could quite picture the person he might marry. But when he thought about it now, with Rodney, it wasn’t hard at all. He had a strange sort of affinity for Rodney already. Perhaps it was because all his focus had been on the man.

Or perhaps it was something more. John wasn’t sure. All he knew was that he felt comfortable around Rodney. Pretending to be comfortable was something John did very well, but with Rodney, he wasn’t pretending, he actually felt it. Last night it had been such a relief to be able to escape the reception, albeit small, and retire to his quarters and not feel dread creeping in on him.

They’d even shared a laugh over their wedding ceremony.

Naturally it would have been infinitely preferable to have a proper wedding night, but John found he was amenable to waiting until Rodney had more of a chance to heal. It certainly gave him something to look forward to. He most assuredly found Rodney attractive and if he spent much longer lingering in bed, roaming his eyes over his new husband, he was
films, he  was silent. His blue eyes flickering over the screen carelessly.  Disinterested.

Though Beckett had maintained Rodney could still eat as he normally did, Rodney stopped joining them for meals in the mess.

He smiled less and less and when he did, it didn’t reach his eyes.

While  it could never be claimed that Rodney was a nice boss, he was always  engaged. He always knew what everyone was working on, why it was wrong  and what they needed to do to fix it. He was generally more than happy  to let each and every scientist know what they needed to do.

Now  he just fixed their work and dismissed them with cold, clinical eyes.  Told them flatly their work was wrong and they were no longer needed on  the project.

When Rodney had been turned, they’d all been so excited over the physical changes they were completely unprepared and ignorant of the other changes.

“John.”

Rodney’s voice, carried on the darkness snapped him back to the present.

“I don’t want to force you, but I will if you persist in being unreasonable.”

John  could tell by the way Rodney’s voice echos that Rodney was across the  lab, in the doorway. Just as he was sure that from his voice, Rodney  knew exactly where he was as well.

“No-fucking-thanks, McKay.” McKay, McKay - think only of McKay and not of Rodney.

A  long suffering sigh emanated from Rodney’s lips. “John. Please. You  have to trust me on this. It’s for your safety. For the safety of  Atlantis.”

“Like killing half the science team was for the safety of Atlantis?” John shot back quickly.

“Yes,  John. It was. Atlantis agreed with me. They were endangering us all.  They were careless and unknowledgeable. More important, they indicated a  low capability to adapt. If Atlantis and I hadn’t neutralized them,  they would have ended up endangering us.”

“And the marines?”

The hardest decision of John’s life had been sending a team of Marines after Rodney after he had ‘neutralized’ the scientists.

And then sending another team when the first failed to report back.

Now John had seven dead marines and three more were in the infirmary with dismal prognosis’.

“I asked you not to do that, John. Atlantis asked you as well.”

“Well  forgive me for not rolling over and complying with the wishes of a… “  John’s voice broke off. Even he had a hard time with the v-word in  reference to Rodney. “With your wishes and that of a whacked out AI.”

“Marines are… replaceable.”

“The fuck, McKay.”

“I’m sorry, but it’s true, John. And I did ask you not to send anyone after me. Atlantis told you what would happen if you did.”

John didn’t know how much of Rodney’s… emotional degeneration was due to his condition and how much was due to Atlantis.

As the virus turned Rodney, increasing his speed and strength, it affected his mental acuity and emotional responses as well.

It made him smarter.

They  had joked at first that they didn’t believe it was possible. John had  teased Rodney about it saying that he thought Rodney once said there  wasn’t room for improvement, but clearly there was.

As Rodney’s intellect and physical prowess increased, he became less Rodney.

John  had always thought that Rodney’s neurosis and quirks were a product of  his extraordinary intelligence and perhaps to extent, they were. But as  the virus spread through his system, it stripped away Rodney’s  insecurities, cleaved off his neurosis, carved at his inhibitions and  social awkwardness, turning Rodney into the perfect predator.

Now  there was nothing holding Rodney’s stunning intellect back. No physical  limitations, no social compunctions, no fearful hesitations. Just  clear, cold calculations and logic.

He had only the desire to survive and to ensure the survival of what he considered most important.

And that appeared to be John.

Somehow,  Atlantis’ AI had reached out to Rodney. Beckett and Svental were still  trying to determine if it was biological - part of the virus opening up  his neural pathways that enabled her, Atlantis, to connect to Rodney -  or if it was their shared compulsion to keep John safe at all costs. 

Beckett  was trying to figure out a way to stop Rodney without killing him,  still hopeful he might be able to possibly reverse the virus. Zelenka  was trying to get into the mainframe, access the AI and see if he could  hack it.

They tried locking Rodney up, Atlantis freed him.

John couldn’t risk putting him under guard. He was too afraid of what Rodney would do to get free.

John’s job was to keep Rodney away from the central spires of Atlantis. Keep Rodney, and Atlantis, occupied.

The  easiest way to do that was for John to leave the central area and  branch out into the farther, unexplored areas of the city.

Rodney would follow.

If only to keep him safe.
In that moment, she looks and sounds like a tired parent, a tired mother struggling with her kids.

“I thought the angels didn’t have free will?” questions Sam.

God eyeballs him. “Of course they have free will. They are not automatons. Without free will, how would Lucifer have fallen? How would the one you know as Anna make the decision to tear her grace out? How could Castiel chose to help you? In the beginning, I strongly limited that will, but it was there. It is growing stronger as it is exercised.”

“So you don’t make the angels obey you?” asks Sam.

“I did. For a long time I did. But forcing blind obedience is not… it is not what I wish. It was not, is not good for them. Nor for me.”

Castiel frowns. “But the archangels say….revelations… if we disobey…”

“I have left the archangels to their own devices and in the tradition of older siblings everywhere, they have taken that to mean that they are in charge and their word is law. I do not endorse it nor condone it.”

“Then stop it,” Dean blurts. “If you know what they are doing is wrong, why don’t you stop it?”

“Right and wrong are constructs that I have given you, but they have no meaning outside this realm.”

“Huh?” He’s making some brilliant arguments here, Dean thinks. What with the jaw dropping and unintelligent syllables. “They let Lucifer out!”

“Lucifer was free to come out anytime he wished. He seemed to think he needed to be released, that my banishment was a prison, but he could come out when he was ready. As soon as he was willing to admit the error of his ways.”

“You sent the devil to his room until he apologized?”

She seemed to weigh that statement and nodded. “It is a crude analogy but yes, fairly accurate. And despite humanity’s literature, he is not the root of all evil. He’s so young. So spirited.” She rolls her eyes. “He’s a handful that one. Always pushing buttons.”

If Sam didn’t know they were talking about Lucifer he would think she was just another mother at Wal-mart discussing her misbehaving toddler.

“What about the Bible?” Sam frowns.

“It can be… difficult to find the words, no matter what the language, to convey my meaning while remaining within the rudimentary structure I have given you for your brains. And of course, I may inspire someone to write my words down, but in the end, they have the free will to interpret that as they wish. Many of my texts were banned from the Bible ages ago and are still lost. I hope they may be found someday.” She pauses for a moment. “You’re basically getting half the story, and the half you’re getting has been filtered through patriarchal, timid minds and is ninety percent bullshit. Sucks, I know.”

Dean and Sam just stare at her with their mouths open. She gives them a sympathetic head tilt. “It’s a perfect example of why it’s so difficult for me to be involved and why I try not to do it.”

“Did you restore me to life?” Castiel blurts out.

“I did.”

“Uh, why?” asks Sam. “I mean, if you don’t get involved, that’s… involvement.”

She smiles wryly and looks off in the distance. “It is very… hard not to get involved. I try to remain distant. If I willingly answer the prayers of one, then I must answer the prayers of all. I love my children, angel and human equally. Despite their faults, or perhaps because of them. But sometimes, when I’m… distracted, in a moment of blind intent, I may interfere.” She looks back at Castiel. “The humans call such moments miracles.”

“Are you saying that miracles are your fuck ups?” Both Sam and Castiel cringe at Dean’s words.

“Oh, Dean,” she says lovingly. “I do love how you are able to distill concepts to their base in an instant. Yes, miracles are my greatest mistakes. I should not interfere, and yet I can’t help myself at times. Although they are incomprehensible and untranslatable to you, I do have my own feelings. In order not to overly burden my children, I gave the angels the smallest fraction of my feelings that I could. As it turns out, very little emotion is nearly as bad as too much. So, to humans I gave a fraction more. All that you have felt, all that you continue to feel, all that you will feel, is a small fragment; the smallest fragment I could divide of myself that I believed you would be able to handle.” She looks over to Castiel again, and to his surprise, she reaches out and places her cool fingertips over his hand. “Some of my angels are
. This was  the most popular series at the store. And you proclaimed you would not  do any research online regarding the Congo African Grey Parrot.”

“Stupid fucking bird,” he grumbled, itching at his bandage. “I’m probably contaminated.”

“Considering  all the things you have fought against, I do not believe you will  suffer any long term effects from Moses.” Castiel paused while Dean  not-so-silently groused for a few more seconds. “You offered to read to  me. This is the book I am reading. I am looking forward to continuing  the young wizards’ adventures. They are young and brave and trying  always to do the right thing. I find it charming and somewhat… moving.”

Well,  now he felt like a douche for making fun of it. He looked down at  Castiel’s face. He was lying on the sofa with his head in Dean’s lap.   He waited patiently for Dean to begin reading, hands folded and resting  on his chest.

“Additionally, I do not believe that Harry and Hermione have any romantic interest in each other.”

“Seriously?”

“I suspect she holds an affection for Ronald Weasley.”

“The  red headed kid?” Dean was immediately sucked back into Harry Potter and  started flipping pages randomly looking for Ron’s name. He was  speechless. Harry was way cooler than Ron. And rich. He would totally  pick Harry. He paused. There was no way he just thought that.

“You know if I met him in real life, I would stake him, right? He’s a witch.”

“A wizard,” Cas clarified. “And he is a good wizard.”

“No such thing.”

Another silence.

“All right, fine.” Dean sighed, long and drawn out. “Chapter Four, The Leaky Cauldron...” he read aloud.

*		*		*		*

Dean straightened and looked up expectantly when Sam came back in, loaded down with grocery bags.

“Did you get pie?”

“Dude, when have I ever forgotten the pie?”

Dean  gave him the hairy eyeball. Sam scrunched up his face. Bitchface. Cas  remained silent from where he sat at the small, square kitchen table,  sunglasses perched on his nose.

“One time, one time I forgot the pie. Could you let it go?” Sam set the grocery bags down on the cheap formica counter.

“I had just gotten back from hell, and you forgot pie,” Dean accused, starting to rifle through the bags.

“Well  then, this is my mulligan, because I got two pies,” he said  triumphantly and with a flourish pulled them out. Cherry and pecan.

Dean was still suspicious.

“Is there ice cream?”

“Please,”  Sam scoffed and produced a small bucket of quickly melting vanilla ice  cream. Dean grabbed both pies, two spoons, plates and the ice cream and  sat kiddy corner next to Cas at the table.

“Pie for dinner.” He  was triumphant. He leaned back and snagged two sodas from the fridge,  cracking them both open with the snap-hiss of fresh pop.

“I was under the impression that one could not eat just pie for dinner.”

“You can if you eat enough of it.”

“Don’t worry, Cas,” interjected Sam. “I got you a salad too.”

“I would like the salad as well, thank you, Sam.”

“Pie first, salad later,” proclaimed Dean. “If at all,” he added under his breath.

“Without the use of my sight, my hearing has improved greatly.”

Sam  snorted and snagged two of the grocery bags with the pinky finger of  one hand, while he grabbed a beer from the fridge with the other.

“Are you not joining us for pie?”

It  was kind of creepy how good Castiel was at interpreting what he was  hearing and translating it into what was going on. Especially since  human nuances weren’t his ‘thing.’

Sam looked dubiously at Dean,  then at the pies and then back to Castiel. “Uh… the thing is…” he  trailed off not quite sure how to tell the angel that Dean made really  awkward, blush worthy sounds even when he was eating pie in a room full  of people, never mind two full pies. With an angel. Who was likely going  to need help eating the pie. Help from Dean. Who loved pie. And the  angel too. And now Sam was back to feeling really squicked out and  uncomfortable again, like he had been in the bakery when he had to  choose which pies to get in the first place. He had no doubt that Dean’s  intentions were (somewhat, mostly, okay probably not) pure and he  really was having Pie Night to do something nice for Castiel. Just as he  no doubt that he was getting the hell out of the kitchen before those  pies came out of the box.

“I’ve got… a thing. With some stuff.  And it’s in the other…” He gave a quick smile that was totally lost on  the sightless angel. “Enjoy your pie.”

And Sam Winchester got the hell outta Dodge.

Dean
turn. 

Normally he doesn’t put this much thought into things. If he likes someone and there’s an opportunity, he’ll sleep with them. Maybe that makes him promiscuous or maybe it makes him a ‘seize the day’ kind of man. Doesn’t matter. In his line of work, there’s not a lot of time for anything so you gotta grab things while the getting is good. 

But with Cas…

It’s weird, because he’s gotten to know him. They’ve talked on the phone. Texted. Emailed. If Dean thinks about it, it might be the first time in his life that getting to know someone hadn’t consisted of only time spent in the sack. 

He knows that Cas takes long pauses to think things over and won’t say something unless he’s sure. He knows that Cas sometimes doesn’t have dinner until late at night if he’s been at the office too long. He knows Cas is smart - able to teach himself a shitload of Enochian without assistance from Bobby. He knows there’s no time of day when Cas’ voice doesn’t sound sleep-roughened and deep, always like he just rolled out of bed. 

But he also knows that Cas is not all that savvy when it comes to flirting. 

If there’s one thing Dean is absolutely sure he’s good at, it’s flirting. 

Cas seems somewhat… perplexed when Dean flirts. Hell, it’s a lot better than getting socked in the face, which has only happened to Dean twice (and that one time didn’t count - seriously, no one was that grabby when they were drunk unless they want to be grabbing something. Dean tries to steer clear of dudes that can’t admit what they like especially when what they like is other dudes, but sometimes one manages to slip through his radar). 

With Cas, though, Dean’s spidey sense is confused. He’s pretty sure Cas likes him. Although he’s not sure if that translates into Cas likes him. When he’s talking to Cas on the phone, he gets the impression he has all of Cas’ attention, all his focus. Which may be just because of the case they are working regarding Uriel but maybe not. Cas talks to him about other stuff, asks him questions and Jesus this sounds like a chick flick moment, but Cas values Dean’s opinion and Dean’s knowledge. He listens when Dean talks. 

Dean will chew off his own hand before saying any of this out loud. 

So yeah, he’s pretty sure Cas likes him in a general sense. He just can’t figure out if he tried something if he’d get the response he’s hoping for. 

He kinda doesn’t want to fuck up what they’ve got either. He likes talking to Cas. Likes hearing his brain work, figuring shit out. He likes being the guy that can answer Cas’ questions. 

Cas steers the car deftly into a small space in an underground parking garage and they take the elevator up to the floor his apartment is on. Dean looks around as Cas lets him in. The furniture looks comfortable, the place is clean, but there’s not a lot of personal shit around - a degree on the wall, a few awards from the FBI and then, affixed with a thumbtack is a picture of Gabriel and Cas. Cas is in jeans and a sweater, Gabriel is in a leather jacket and leather chaps (and Christ Dean didn’t need to see that). They’re standing in front of a dilapidated building, Cas with his hands in his pockets, Gabriel doing some kind of complicated gesture with his hands. Dean flicks the picture and Cas looks over. 

“What’s this from?” he asks - it’s the only personal item on the wall so he feels compelled to ask. 

“Gabriel’s first club. It was… a distinct location.”

“Seedy joint?” Dean asks.

Castiel nods as he carefully takes off his shoes and coat. “Yes. Fortunately, he’s moved on since then. Gabriel once remarked I didn’t have any photos of him and he came over one day and tacked that up.”

Yeah, sounds like a brother thing to do, Dean thinks, thinking of all the shit he does to Sammy. 

“You guys close?” Dean asks. 

Castiel shrugs. “We are brothers. We know the best and worst of each other.”

Dean nods. “Yeah, I get that.” He feels a little weird standing there in his coat and shoes after watching Cas take off so he hurriedly kicks his own shoes off and drops his jacket on the floor. 

“‘s nice place,” he says, looking around at the subdued tones. It’s nicer than most of places Dean’s been in since… well since he can remember. 

“It suffices,” Castiel replies. He leads the way from the front door, past a sort of TV living area and small kitchen to