swallows her nervousness as she knocks on his door.  He calls for her to come in, and when she enters he is sitting with his back to her, staring motionless at his fireplace.

Gwen arranges the hot stones at the foot of his bed, and she has turned to leave when he finally speaks.

"You're Morgana's maid."

"Yes."  She supposes it makes sense that he'd recognize her, and also that he wouldn't bother to learn her name.

"You're what, fifteen?  Sixteen?"  He stands and faces her, his hands clasped behind his back, and despite the briskness of his voice, he looks very young.

"Sixteen, my lord."

"My age."  He mutters something that she doesn't catch, and his head bows.  "Tell me, do you think you could lead men into battle?"

He doesn't sound as if he's speaking to her--he sounds like he's speaking to someone far away, or perhaps to himself.  "I couldn't say, my lord."  

"Well, why don't you say anyway, just for argument's sake," he says, an edge to his voice, and Gwen breathes in through her nose.  

If the prince were Morgana, she would reply by asking him if he thought he could wait on someone else, hand and foot, for the rest of his life starting at age thirteen.  But she's well aware that he is not Morgana.  "I don't think I could, then."

He looks her directly in the eye.  "You don't think you could?"

Gwen has no idea what kind of conversation this is.  "No, my lord."

He looks away, and Gwen breathes.  "No," he says, his voice now sour.  "No, of course you don't think you could.  Morgana doesn't think I can, does she?"

"It's not my place to say."  The reply comes automatic and immediate, and for a moment Gwen is surprised at how instinctual some rules of court life have become.  

Arthur snorts.  "Men are going to die.  Depending on my decisions, more or less of them will die."

Gwen hesitates.  "Yes," she says slowly.  "That's true, but.  But I think it's a good sign that you're thinking this way, sir."

He turns to look at her, eyes narrowed.  "How so?"

Gwen can feel her heart thudding in her chest.  She wouldn't dare to speak this freely to most nobles she didn't already know, but she still remembers that night with Sir Christopher two years ago, whether or not the prince does.  "Many commanders wouldn't even take the deaths under their command into consideration."

"Oh, you don't think so?"  the prince says, glaring.  "We hold our knights to a chivalrous code, Guinevere."

She doesn't let the surprise of hearing her name show on her face.  "Then it is good that you're holding yourself to that same code.  That's all I'm trying to say."

He continues to stare at her.  "Do you think I'll make a decent commander?"

How the hell is she supposed to know that?  And how does she answer without it seeming like she's just saying what she knows she ought to say to her superior?  She smiles at him, as much as she can.  "I know that the king wouldn't have given you this if he didn't believe you would make a good commander."

The prince scoffs.  "That's not what I asked.  Do you think I'm up to this?"

"Yes.  Yes, my lord, I truly do."  She meets his eyes and doesn't look away, feeling almost dizzy. The prince's eyes seem to be trying to pierce her, sharp and hot, and she wonders if he's going to ask something else of her.  Right now, in this moment, she thinks that she would give it.

But the prince looks away, and Gwen does as well.  "Very well then," he mutters, and waves a hand towards the door.  "You may go."

She turns to leave, and the mumbled "thank you" comes as her hand is on the door.  She's certain that she wasn't supposed to hear, so she leaves without hesitating.  

Prince Arthur is gone from the castle by the end of the week, and Gwen doesn't tell anyone about their conversation.

***

That winter is long, cold, and dark.  Most of the men are off at war, and Morgana is clearly restless.  But beyond that, she starts acting cagey and strange around Gwen, alternately cold or warm and friendly, cheerful or moody.  Morgana's never been picky about Gwen's tasks before, but now she's snappish and easily annoyed--Gwen never seems to be able to do anything right.  

Gwen
Faith laughs again. Which... was a mistake. Fuck.

Buffy's eyes narrow. "There are better times for this." 

"No day but today," Faith jokes, and she and Buffy both know it's a feeble argument. But Faith still has a hand down inside Buffy's wet panties, and she presses a knuckle against Buffy's clit.

Buffy gasps, her mouth falling open in the way that makes Faith forget everything but sex. Makes her want Buffy on her knees, that mouth right where it should be--

Faith grinds her knuckle a little bit, and Buffy's knees buckle. She's clinging to Faith, fuck *yeah,* and Faith has to remind herself to stop crowing in triumph and kneel down already. The grass is damp and feels weird against the leather of her pants, and she can smell the musty stone of the headstone. She presses her face against the crease between Buffy's thigh and stomach (what little there is; girl is *scary* skinny) and can smell Buffy, too, that sharp/sweet smell that means sex, and Faith gets Buffy's pants around her hips in record time. She licks her through the soaked fabric, and Buffy's frustrated groan vibrates all over her body.

Faith smirks up at her and smacks her lips lewdly, obviously, ignoring Buffy's impatient frown. She peels her panties down and wonders if Angel did this to her, if they had a chance to do anything but the most vanilla stuff before he went all psycho evil vamp. Faith would like to think she's Buffy's first, at least with this; she doesn't have many illusions left, but the ones she has she's determined to keep.

She barely flicks her tongue over her pubic hair, still teasing, before going in deep, sliding her tongue between the lips of her labia and tasting, drinking. The muscles in Buffy's legs tighten under Faith's hands, moreso when Faith digs her nails in--just a little bit. She slides her tongue out and then in again, deep deep deep, out and in. She can feel the sticky sweetness of Buffy's cunt getting all over her face and dirtying her up, and she doesn't pull back until it gets hard to breathe.

She grins up at Buffy, flips her hair out of her face and leans down again, sucking on her clitoris this time. Small and nubby thing that feels like it fills Faith's whole mouth, thrumming and humming with energy. Faith sucks and bites lightly at it, and Buffy, god--Buffy makes those sex kitten noises. The kind she makes when she's fighting for her life (*their* lives), and Faith has to reach a hand down to press against her own mound. Her other hand is tightening on Buffy's thigh, squeezing the same rhythm as Faith's tongue lapping at Buffy's clitoris. 

Buffy's sounds are getting longer, louder, and her hips are moving against Faith's mouth slowly and rhythmically, like--like waves or something. A Buffy ocean flooding into Faith's mouth, and when Faith moves her hand and shoves three fingers hard up inside her, Buffy comes. She grabs at Faith's hair, twisting and hurting, and Faith can feel her orgasm throbbing against her face. Suffocating.

Faith leans back when Buffy's hold on her hair loosens. She leans back until she falls on her ass, hooking her hands behind Buffy's thighs and pulling her down on top of her, clumsy and bony. She kisses her again, shoves her tongue into Buffy's mouth like she shoved it into her cunt. And Buffy likes it, sucks on her tongue and presses her hips down against Faith's. Faith giggles into Buffy's mouth and pushes at her shoulders, wiggling her hips and hoping Buffy gets the picture.

Which she does. Buffy giggles back and then slides down Faith's body, all predatory Slayer grace. She struggles a little with Faith's tight pants and rips them a little, breathes 'sorry' like Faith gives a shit. And god, those lips and mouth right *on* her, licking eagerly when Faith bucks her hips, nibbling and sucking and *fuck*--

Buffy hears it first, the crunch of leaves between feet and the loud murmur-whispers of people who really suck at being stealthy. She sits up (away from Faith) with super-human speed, fear and shame in her eyes before Willow calls out "Buffy? You out here?", before the scooby gang rounds the corner.

Faith curses softly between her teeth, but Buffy is already standing up and doing up her pants, wiping her mouth, pulling down her shirt. Faith fumbles to tug up and zip up her tight pants. 

"We just dusted two vamps," Buffy announces, stake in her hand. Of course. Smart little Buffy: perfect excuse for why they're mussed up and sweaty. Faith stands up, tries to wipe her mouth (her *face,*
's face. "Roy's not your friend? Bull*shit,* baby."

Grace looks away. "Look, the thing with Roy? It's something I'm sharing with half the women on the Eastern Seaboard and probably a quarter of the men. It's casual. But this--won't be like that." Grace knows that she sounds like a fucking pansy, but damn, it's *difficult* to make this argument when there's a beautiful naked women pressed up against her and she hasn't been laid in months, and Anissa makes it a whole lot more difficult by sliding her thigh between Grace's legs. 

"*Fuck.*" Grace bites back a hiss, and Anissa smirks.

"You're really not that hard to figure out, you know. I get that you have intimacy issues up to your neck and emotional issues beyond that, and I'm really failing to give a shit." Anissa leans in close, and Grace can feel her breath on her cheek and the pressure of her thigh between her legs. "I'm tired of you pretending that we don't already have something, Gracie. I'm not gonna be held at arms' length." 

Before Grace can say anything else Anissa's mouth is pressed against hers, her breath hot, her teeth biting at Grace's lips. She kisses her again and again and Grace doesn't have a choice but to open her mouth and take it, spread her thighs and let Anissa's leg grind against her cunt, and give up on the whole stupid idea of *not wanting* this.

She's not the poster child for self-restraint on the best of days, and she's not about to say no to a gorgeous naked woman who wants to fuck her, no matter how much trouble it could get them into.

She grabs Anissa's hips and drags her closer, and slides down herself until she can rub her clit against Anissa's hip and thigh. And--

"Oh, *fuck!*" she yells when the pressure suddenly increases. Anissa bites her earlobe.

"Nice party trick?" Anissa says, and adjusts the density of her thigh again, putting even more pressure on and making Grace see stars.

"That's--almost as hard as I like it," Grace manages, and Anissa laughs. Grace grabs her ass and pulls her in and Anissa wraps her arms around her. The kisses come fast and hard, mostly teeth and tongue and it feels fucking *good* to do this with someone as strong as she is, and not just because Anissa is putting the kind of pressure on Grace's clit that would be painful to a normal woman. 

Anissa was right: she won't break easy.

"Oh, fuck, I'm--come *on,* just--" Grace feels like she's clinging desperately, her fingers squeezing Anissa's ass hard enough to leave marks as she keeps thrusting, but Anissa just adds more pressure and Grace feels surrounded and pinned and overwhelmed and the orgasm hits her like a bullet.

Anissa moves back slightly, enough to give Grace room to breathe, and Grace finds that she doesn't really want room. She reaches up to cup Anissa's breast, smoothing water droplets over her nipple. 

Anissa arches an eyebrow at her. "Hard enough?"

Grace grins, shows her teeth. "Getting there." Anissa isn't expecting it, so it's the easiest thing in the world to sweep her legs out from under her and send her tumbling to the floor. She lands flat on her ass and Grace pounces, straddling her.

"*Ow.*" Anissa scowls up at her, but makes no effort to get out. "You trying to give me *more* bruises?"

Grace thumbs her nipples, scraping one with her fingernail. "And here I thought you weren't a delicate flower."

"I'm--not." Anissa's voice hitches when Grace leans down to catch one of her nipples between her teeth. She tastes good, clean, strong.

Anissa arches up, pressing her breast up against Grace's face. Grace swipes her tongue over the bud again and again, licking up water droplets from the shower. Her nipples are hard and dark and small, and when Grace uses her teeth again Anissa bucks *hard.*

Fingers tangle in her hair, scraping her scalp. "Grace, I--you--" 

"Mmm." Grace lets her tongue drag from Anissa's nipple over to her sternum, and she can feel her breath stuttering under her mouth. She doesn't have to ask what Anissa wants, it's there in her eyes and her fingers clenched in Grace's hair. And Grace--she doesn't need to make Anissa beg, not tonight.

"Yes," Anissa hisses when Grace slides two fingers against her cunt lips. When she pushes them sharply up and in Anissa growls and grabs Grace's shoulders, pulling her down for a kiss, sucking on Grace's tongue when
she was seventeen at the time!" Pete protests.  He opens his mouth to argue further, and shuts it again.  "Can't you just be happy for me?" he finishes lamely.

"No," Patrick says, shoving past him.  "I'll be watching your back instead," he calls out over his shoulder.

Pete leans against the wall and scrubs his palms over his face.  "I can smell you, you know," he says, and Gerard comes out from around the corner.

"He's really concerned about you," Gerard says, a small smile on his face.  His hair's still wet, combed behind his ears; he must be coming up from the showers.  "It's sweet."

"He didn't mean that stuff about you," Pete lies.

Gerard's smile turns into a grin.  "Yeah, he did.  Come on, he's right about me in a lot of ways."  Gerard touches Pete's elbow, thumb brushing over his skin.  "I like killing vampires more than is probably healthy."

"Are we going to turn this into a competition?  Who has a bigger hard-on for revenge?  I think I could take you."  

Gerard leans his head on Pete's shoulder, tilting so that his face is pressed against Pete's neck.  "It doesn't matter.  You're not one of them to me."  

"Changed your mind on that awfully fast," Pete can't help muttering.

But Gerard doesn't get angry or hurt; he laughs.  "I know," he says, lifting his head up again, a slightly miserable look on his face.  "I don't really know what happened.  I feel like you've de-clawed me or something."

"I'm holding myself back from making a fang joke right here," Pete says.  "I just want you to know that."

Gerard kisses him and it's warm, dry and comforting until Pete parts his lips and it starts pulling at him, becomes urgent.  Pete threads his fingers through Gerard's hair.  He can smell his shampoo, he can smell fear and attraction, he can smell himself on Gerard from last night--both his sweat and his blood, from almost 24 hours ago.  For once the heightened senses don't unnerve him: he wants to absorb as much of Gerard as possible, on every level, close as he can.  

Pete whines when Gerard pulls back, and leans forward to try and get his mouth again, but Gerard pushes him against a wall with a hand on his shoulder.  His tongue flicks out to lick his lips, and then Gerard is going to his knees, shaking his hair out of his eyes as he looks up at Pete.

"Someone could come around the corner at any minute," Pete says, even though his hips are already tilting forward, betraying his good sense.

"Most of them are out, and Patrick isn't going to be coming back this way anytime soon," Gerard says, unbuckling Pete's belt and getting his pants down.  His teeth flash white in a smile when he pulls Pete's cock out, half-hard before Gerard leans down and sucks with his eyes closed.

Pete sucks breaths in and presses his palms flat against the wall, trying to keep the noise buried in his throat as Gerard kisses and licks before going down again, as determined in this as he is in everything else.  Gerard is--he's beautiful, his lips around Pete's cock and his eyelashes casting shadows on his cheeks and the expression on his face.  His hands are on Pete's hips and sides, rubbing occasionally at his skin, and Pete reaches down to touch Gerard's fingers, catch his hand and hold it.  He lets a gasp out when Gerard goes down far enough that he chokes before coming back up, pulling off to breathe and look up.

"You," Pete says, feeling exceptionally stupid.  "Uh, fuck."

Gerard laughs again and Pete is filled with the sudden urge to have Gerard laugh like that against Pete's stomach, giggle into Pete's bellybutton.  He concentrates on the idea, wanting to remember it for later, as Gerard mouths the head and slides up and down the shaft, bringing Pete closer to the edge until he slips over it, hips thrust up and banging the back of his head against the wall, groaning loud now.

"I usually don't do that before I've had coffee," Gerard says, leaning back.  "You've got me all twisted up and backwards."

Pete reaches out a hand to pull Gerard up before bothering to get his pants back on.  "It's mutual," is all he can manage before kissing Gerard again and tasting himself there.

***

Brian got a lead on the actual location of the gang of vampire drop-outs in late December, but they decided against making a move on them immediately.  They've been watching the gang for weeks instead, observing them in shifts, and it'
nudging against the small of her back. Katniss was already parting her legs to urge him inside her when Peeta joined them, kissing his way down Katniss’s chest and spreading his hands over her thighs. 

Katniss could hear the noises she was making and she knew she sounded embarrassing and weak but it didn’t matter. Peeta closed his mouth around one of her nipples at the same time that he pressed the heel of his hand against her groin and if everything up till now had been a hot feeling spreading through her, that was a jolt of pleasure slamming through her gut. Katniss yelled and fell against Peeta and it made them all tumble forward. Peeta made an ‘oomph’ sound when his back hit the ground and yes, this, this is what Katniss wanted, now she could spread out and press her body entirely against his. 

“Make room,” Finnick was saying behind her, and Katniss glanced over to see him positioning himself in between Peeta’s legs. Her instinct was to clutch at his shoulders and not share with Finnick at all, but Peeta touched her shoulder, getting through to the savage part of her the Capitol was counting on, just as he always had. 

“It’s okay,” he said, and he looked drugged and flushed and vulnerable, so vulnerable that it would have terrified Katniss if she weren’t just as drugged. She obligingly shifted so that she was next to Peeta rather than on top of him, and when she nodded at Finnick he smirked at her and then up at the cameras before sliding onto his stomach in one lithe movement.

Katniss stopped paying attention to him in order to kiss Peeta some more. She was exploring the roof of his mouth with her tongue when he jumped and leaned back. “What are you--?”

When Katniss looked down, she saw that Finnick was at eye level with Peeta’s dick and had sucked one of Peeta’s balls into his mouth; as Katniss stared, he let it slide out of his mouth with a pop and smiled as Peeta made a choked-off panting noise. 

“You two can carry on,” he said, moving his tongue down lower on Peeta’s thigh. “I have my own agenda.”

Katniss couldn’t see what he was doing, could only see the top of Finnick’s head, but she felt it when Peeta arched and stammered next to her. When Peeta clutched at her, his fingers on her skin distracted her entirely and made her selfish again: the only thing on her mind was her own body. She grabbed Peeta’s wrist and dragged his hand lower and Peeta wasn’t shy about it--she immediately felt his two fingers slipping into her and then heard him groan.

“You’re so wet--oh my god--” 

“It’s the chemicals, same as what they’re doing to you.” Katniss bit at his ear. She knew exactly how wet she was; the insides of her thighs were slippery.

Peeta laughed and  brought up his thumb to rub at her clit, which was just as slippery and far more sensitive. Katniss’ hips jerked and she clutched at his shoulders for something to hold on to, burying her face in his neck because it felt too intense to meet his eyes. Her hips were moving without her permission to roll against the obscene pressure of his hand, and she’d never been aware of her own heartbeat, pounding in time with each throb of pleasure.

She came sooner than she wanted to. Warmth crested and broke over her body leaving her weak, slumped against Peeta’s side. She had hoped that climaxing would satiate the maddening drive but it was still dominant it broke through even the relaxed haze of her orgasm. She needed to come again, she was starving for it and the first one had only whet her appetite.

Peeta cried out and Katniss tensed with alarm, looking down at Finnick again. He seemed to be using his fingers now, and--

”Is he hurting you?” If he was Katniss would find the strength somehow to stop rutting herself against Peeta’s arm and go after Finnick, she’d stop this and fight him--

“No! No it feels good, just--different,” Peeta said in a strangled voice. Katniss narrowed her eyes at him. Would he even tell her if he was uncomfortable with this, or would he go with it for the sake of the alliance?

“Katniss,” Finnick said, and when he looked up at her his lips were wet and shiny. “Will you relax? I know what I’m doing and it’s not about pain.”

“As long as it’s what you want,” Katniss said, looking back at Peeta. He answered “ngrgh” and spread his thighs wider. Katniss felt curious despite herself, and leaned over to get a closer look at Finnick. His finger was in Peeta’s hole up to the first knuckle, his head tilted to the side. Katniss could see his tongue probing against Peeta’s reddened skin. As she was watching, Finnick pushed a second finger in, spreading Peeta wide
he did when he got here was give a lecture on how our society would be so much better if we sent our children off to marry trousermen and have trousermen  children in order to make our children's children have whiter skin. Because the whiter our skin, the more like trousermen  we are, the better we'll be!"

Mau stopped, getting red in the face. He was glaring at Daphne like he was daring her to agree with Galton.

Daphne sighed. "That sounds like something an Englishman would say, unfortunately. I wasn't aware that the Society endorsed such dreck, though."

"That's not the worst of it. Without asking me or any of the members of the council, he started enlisting people in his experiments. Except he didn't tell us that they were experiments. He would tell people that he just wanted to ask some questions, to better understand our people.  This was a lie--or at least, it was not the entire truth.  He was asking questions that were difficult to answer, things most of our people would have no way of knowing. When I found out and confronted him about it, he admitted that these tests were part of a system he has come up with to test our worth, especially our intelligence.  He told me that the work he is doing on this island could greatly aid his study of ‘heredity’ and the improvement of the race. He is writing a book about how a society can improve itself by discouraging people with undesirable qualities, as measured by him, from having children, while encouraging those with desirable qualities to have children with each other, and thus advance the race as a whole.”

Mau laughed, not a happy sound. “Now, what do you imagine he meant by this? Do you think he meant that trousermen should invite us into their homes in order to pass down our many gifts to trousermen children? Or do you think he means that everything we are is an undesirable quality, and that the surest way to improve our society is to make sure that our children have lighter skin than we do?”

Daphne was quiet, looking down at the ground.  After a few moments Mau came to sit down next to her, their knees touching.  

“I’m very sorry,” she said eventually. “His ideas sound awful.”

Mau sighed and rubbed his forward, looking much older than he actually was. “If he wants to spread his insulting ideas around the world, I can’t stop him.  But I will not let him enlist our nation in his experiments, I will not let him use us as evidence for his delusions.”

“I don’t blame you,” Daphne said. “But the rest of the Society--”

“If this is what the Royal Society wants to use us for, then I don’t want them on this island. I’m sorry, Daphne--I know that it’s important to you that the world gets to see what our ancestors did. But I have to do right by my people.”

“And I’d never ask you to do otherwise! Believe me, I want what’s best for them, too. But I just...” Daphne felt miserable. How could she argue in favor of the Royal Society after what Mau had just told her? 

“I think that our scientists have the potential to be better,” she said, carefully. “In fact, my entire country needs to be better, we can’t just keep trying to conquer everyone forever. I think my father is figuring that out, and his ministers don’t like it but they’re coming around to his side. It’s slow, but things are changing in our government.  It’s not enough--our scientists need to change, too, especially after what you’ve told me about Galton. And I think that The Nation is a crucial part of that change.”

“Perhaps,” Mau said. “But how do you know that your scientists won’t change for the worse?”

Daphne groaned. “I don’t! I don’t know, maybe you and I were just being naive when we came up with this whole plan.  Maybe it’s not possible that any sort of dealings between your people and mine could lead to good things for the Nation. I feel awful about it, I really do.”

Mau reached out and touched Daphne’s shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “This is not your fault, and you don’t have to fix everything right now.  Yes, things have been difficult for me here, but seeing you again--it’s good,” he said, sounding a bit awkward at the end. But he didn’t take his hand off her shoulder, and Daphne smiled at him, grateful.

“I feel so much better being here than I did back home,” she admitted. “Have I told you that they’ve forced me to go off to a horrible school? I have no friends and all my teachers are so serious and they’re very strict about
useless, and he's not sure he can say anything else. "Are you--I mean, this. Um." Anything else intelligent, anyway.

"*Yes.*" Tim's eyes are open now, and when he rocks his hips, his cock almost brushes Kon's lips. "Don't stop, I--please."

Kon is good with the not-stopping. He sucks Tim's dick into his mouth, as far as he can go, stopping anything else he might have said. That makes Tim cry out and rock his hips again, and Kon gags a little but it's okay. It's okay because Tim is right here, in his *mouth,* surrounding him and Kon thinks he might come just from this.

Kon probably isn't doing this as well as he could; he knows he's drooling, and he can't go down far enough. But Tim is making these noises, and his hands are carding and groping Kon's hair, and when Kon squeezes his thigh Tim says his name, all high-pitched and breathy. It's incentive to suck as hard as he can, and he can't really get any tongue action in with Tim's cock pressing against the back of his throat, but he does the best he can. He sucks and swallows until his mouth aches from it, and doesn't pull off until Tim comes, pressing his abs up against Kon's nose. 

Kon sits up, working his mouth and cracking his jaw. His lips sort of tingle. 

Tim looks dazed, his lips parted and his chest heaving. "Did I, I'm sorry. Your--" He pants, reaching out to touch Kon's lips, his chin. 

"I'm fine." Kon squeezes Tim's hand and leans in to kiss Tim. It's sloppy because he kind of misses, at first, but then Tim grabs the back of his head and kisses back and just sort of... clings to him.

Tim breaks the kiss to drag his mouth along Kon's cheek, sighing in his ear. Kon can't help rocking against him, and Tim rocks back, and *fuck* but Kon is hard. 

"Heh." He can feel Tim smiling against his cheek, and then all he can focus on is Tim's *strong* hand wrapped around his dick. 

"Shit," Kon manages to gasp out, and then Tim is moving and Kon is moving and somehow things end up so that Kon is sprawled on his back, Tim perching on top of him. Kon's feet are tangled up in the bedsheets.

Tim's hand is still on Kon's dick, squeezing him through Kon's pants. The pants that *really* need to not be on him anymore. "What do you want?"

 

"I--fuck, Tim." Kon laughs weakly, and then... he blinks. "Dude. Are you--is that a Superman t-shirt?"

Tim makes an impatient noise and strips off his shirt in one smooth motion, tossing it on the floor. "Not anymore."

And that's so a line straight out of porn, and Kon wants to laugh but Tim's hand is on his dick again. And, thank *god,* he's undoing Kon's fly and pushing his pants and boxers down. Kon whimpers and pushes up into Tim's hand, which is of course when Tim takes his hand away.

"What do you *want?*" Tim is giving him the 'stop screwing around during training' look, which Kon thinks is just not fair right now.

"I--fuck, anything." Tim just raises an eyebrow at that, and Kon thinks faster. "Fuck. I want to fuck you."

"Hmm." Tim slides his hands up underneath Kon's t-shirt, playing with his nipples. He doesn't look sleepy anymore. "Okay."

Kon grins. "Okay?" He runs his hands up Tim's thighs, and when Tim smiles he looks almost... shy.

"Yeah. Okay."

Tim pushes Kon's shirt up and over his head, and Kon uses his TTK to get his pants and briefs off as fast as superhumanly possible. They kind of tear a bit, but he's worlds away from caring. And then, *then* he can roll them over and kiss Tim some more--but before he gets the chance, Tim twists out of his grip and turns over, onto his stomach.

And Kon has the same view that he had before, when Tim was asleep, except that Tim's naked now. Naked and sweaty and arching his ass up a little and *naked,* and Kon is running his hands up and over Tim's thighs, over his ass and cleft before he can even think about it.

"There's lotion," Tim says, his voice sounding strange, muffled by the pillow. "On the nightstand--or somewhere--"

"No," Kon says, distracted by