angle with the right amount of light to not show up the veins so much, plus adding the size to make him look well endowed. Dave was proud of this picture, it was like those adverts for getting a bigger cock and this picture was the ‘after’ shot.

He slipped the file into the pesterchum and waited. A moment later, it was accepted and he couldn’t turn back now, they strayed from the path of best buds and the no homo they put between each other was possibly breached.

Possibly.


EB: wow dave, that’s something 



EB: i mean it looks 



EB: i didn’t think you were going to do it but i’m impressed 



TG: yeah you dont have to compliment it 



TG: i know i’m hot 



EB: so what happens now? 


That was a good question; what should they do?

By now, they had a few choices; pretend this never happened and delete both pictures, split up their long friendship over the fact that John had a pussy or turn this into a good thing where they learn more about each other in a different way. Dave’s cock seemed to like the last choice, still poking out of his crimson boxers and twitching in the cold air.


TG: this could end up being a good thing egderp 



TG: you and i 



TG: we could make something out of this 



EB: what? 



TG: well you know 



TG: youve got a pussy 



TG: ive got a dick



 EB: are you saying you want to have sex with me?


Dave did feel guilty for suddenly making it awkward between them. He moved the picture of John to the side so he could still have a peek at it while typing.


TG: you dont have to if you dont want to 



TG: i just thought that it would be easy since we are 



TG: well you know 



TG: both virgins 


The feeling of his cock throbbing brought him to the final conclusion that he needed to get off soon. He closed a loose fist around his member and pumped it steadily, feeling how much he ached for something like this to happen.

His cock could feel his need for pussy, his want to be inside something, someone.

He wanted to fuck John.

He shut his eyes as he masturbated slowly, wanting to draw it out as long as he could. He pictured in his head what John would be like in bed; nervous but ready to please, rubbing his clit and stuffing his fingers in his boy cunt.

Fuck.

He was so into the picture of John fucking himself that he almost forgot about the chat until it made a noise.


EB: i get what you're saying but i dunno 



EB: what if it effects our friendship? 



TG: i promise it wont egderp 



TG: your secret is safe with me and we can experiment with each other as bros 



TG: bet your dying to know what a cock feels like 


He honestly didn't know where that came from, it was like an urge made him type that out but he did think for a moment about how John would react to actually seeing a cock.

Would he know what to do? Probably not since the whole virgin thing plus the vagina thing.


EB: dave 



EB: dont do that 



TG: oh shit did i offend you? 



TG: im so sorry dude 


Dave suddenly felt guilt writhe in his stomach; John probably didn't know what a penis was like and he might have had huge identity issues. This could have triggered him enough to actually get him depressed. His cock softens slightly with the little attention he was giving it, glancing at the pesterchum to see what John had said.


EB: no it just 



EB: saying stuff like that kinda made me wet 



TG: oh 



TG: oh damn 


The blondes eyes widened at the thought of John getting turned on by dirty talk.

He could be rubbing at his folds right now; getting himself lubed up with his own pussy juice before fucking himself with his fingers. The blood flows to his cock once more to pulse heatedly. It couldn't hurt to get his best friend turned on more, he could have some fun with this.


TG: you get hot and bothered by dirty talk? 



TG: didnt know you had it in you egderp 



EB: dave 



TG: so your pussy likes it when i talk dirty?



 EG: oh my god dave stop 



TG: what happens when you get wet? 



TG: do you rub at it and get yourself all ready for your fingers? 



TG: or do you have a toy that you use 



TG: the thought of you using a toy is just wow 


John using a cute little vibrator to fuck his pussy, the wet sounds reverberating through Dave's head. Maybe he had a butt plug and stuffed both his holes up while playing with his clit, fuck it was just so hot to imagine.

Dave hadn't of thought like this about anyone before; John was definitely something special to him but now he wanted more.


EB: i dont have a toy 



EB: i just use my fingers 



TG: shit man 



TG:
had come, he was only twenty and yet he could be a professional doctor, that must have been a goal he worked hard to achieve with blood, sweat and tears. The doctor hesitated when it came to the point where he would have to touch an intimate part of his patient, peering up at Jane for his approval and the genderfluid let out a sigh, being body positive they didn't mind who looked at them naked, reaching back carefully to not rub off the cream, unlatching their bra and letting it slip off.

Jake's eyes widened but he tried to not make it awkward for the both of them, squirting the ointment on his hand and smoothing it over Jane's small breasts, making it quick work and pulling away for his patient to get decent once more. Jane slipped their bra back on carefully to not smudge anything and clipped it shut. Feeling their weight of itching fade fast, they felt at ease yet alas their bottom half was still tormenting them. With the doctor's permission, Jane slipped off the bed and undid their trousers, pulling them down to reveal even worse rashes; the tinsel didn't even touch their legs so what the fuck? Allergies were weird. "Well that's awesome of you, doc."

"Thank you, I try my best." Jake chuckled and rubbed the ointment into their legs. Jane had to rest their hands on Jake's shoulders to not put any weight on their sprained ankle. The doctor lathered both their legs up quickly, not needing to go any higher above their thigh because there wasn't any type of redness around that area. "I think you're all set, I'm going to give you a prescription at the front desk and if you follow my instructions then you'll be good as new in no time at all!"

He let Jane pull their trousers up before peeling back the curtain, the noise of the ER hitting him straight in the face. Nurses were rushing around and bed were being wheeled in from ambulances, shouts of medication needed for the wounded while patients were sat or laying in their little cubicles, moaning and groaning in uncomfortable pain. The clock hanging over the door read seven thirty, it was nearly time for him to finish up his shift for the night, he turned back to finish with his patient who was sitting on the bed holding their crutches. "I take it you have your phone with you to call someone to pick you up?"

"Oh right yeah, I'll call a friend don't worry." They flipped open their phone and started dialling, Jake closing the curtain again because he didn't want to be seen as not doing any work in his last fifteen minutes. Jane had already called a couple of their friends and was getting desperate, going down their employee contacts and trying them for anything. A person answered only to decline because they were busy with family problems at the moment, they gave in and closed up their phone in defeat. "I'll just call a cab then."

"No one would answer?"

"Yeah, it's too close to Christmas for anyone to care." Jake had frowned at that, leaning against the make shift wall of the cubicle.

"What about your parents?" Jane scoffed and rolled their eyes, almost like it was typical of someone to ask that.

"They didn't want anything to do with me once I came out." It stung a little for Jake, sympathy bubbling up but he held it down, not wanting to make Jane angry accidentally. He chose to do the nicest thing since he was getting off early, it would be unkind if he didn't at least ask. He didn't know about coming out with it though, fiddling with the end of his white coat and talking down to the floor.

"I could drive you home, if no one is coming for you." Jane's eyes lifted to the baby faced doctor for a moment before letting out a soft chuckle, nodding their head. It settled Jake and he said to wait here until his shift was over in a couple of minutes, then he would come get them to drive them home. With that, doctor English pulled back the curtain once more to finis his folder for the day behind the front desk. Jane was attempting to keep cool but deep down they knew that something else was going on here, letting their friends know where they would be so one, they didn't have to worry about picking them up and two, just in case something else happened to them. Jane typed away on their phone to Dave, who was close to bedtime at John's house, they were so going to have sex it wasn't even funny anymore.

Seeing that Egbert kid was a highlight of Jane's day; his spunky attitude towards life always left a happy mark on people he just met, it was a gift. Dave had given them John's number and they responded by spamming him with one worded texts about the hospital visit, chatting to him for a while was good fun and
head back, the fake member popped out of his mouth leaving behind a string of spit connecting to Dave’s bottom lip. He pulled the small dildo out of his ass and let it bounce on the bed while he collected the lube bottle once more and poured a generous amount onto his hand. With that, he rubbed all over the strap on, getting it nice and wet for him because Dave knew that it would be an experience whether it would be painful or pleasurable.

“You can do this, Dave. You’re not scared of taking dick.” Dave spoke out loud to himself, straddling the teddy bear once more and reaching back to rub the remains of the lube from his hand around and into his hole, getting it slick for the tip to be an easy entry. Taking hold of the massive strap on, Dave gulped and positioned it to rub against his ass. Now that it was close enough to pop inside, the sheer size of it was enough for Dave to blanche and think twice about what he was about to do. Yes he measured it up to his ankle earlier, but the tip wasn’t as thick, so hopefully it should be a problem.

With that thought in mind, Dave started to press the tip of the fake dick into his ass. And then he tried again. And again. It wasn’t going in. It was like his hole was saying ‘no way is that going inside me, I will break’ and just clenched every time the tip tried to breach.

He wanted to cry from the frustration.

But, knowing this would happen; Dave took a deep breath and picked up the lube bottle again. He lathered the tip with more lube and pressed his slim fingers, two from each hand, into his ass to wet it up inside and open it wide as he sat back down. “This time for sure, you will fit. So help me God.”

The tip entered a small amount but it was easy to tell that it was going to hurt if he sunk anymore, but Dave bit his lip and kept sitting down. He was slick enough, nothing was going to tear, and he will get this fucking cock in his ass. More of it slipped inside, and Dave had to moan through his teeth as his poor hole protested around his four fingers, trying to clamp down on the intruder. He was resilient and didn’t stop until the whole tip of the cock was in his ass, pulling his fingers out and letting his hole quickly clench down on the toy. “Fuh, god. Shit, fucking fuck.”

He had to grab his base of his cock and squeeze so he wouldn’t cum just yet, because this was something magnificent, and if he came now it would hurt more than it would feel good. He knelt there giving his muscles some time to relax before he moved again, just a simple roll of his hips to get his bearings on the full feel of the strap on. His hand quickly flew to the bear’s fluffy neck, wrapping his arm around it as he panted. It just tingled everywhere, leaving his legs with no feeling and he had to hold onto his bear to keep him up as he kept rolling his hips over and over again. Dave couldn’t help himself, he was addicted to the strap on and this was just the tip.

“Feels good, feels fucking good.”

Dave held onto the bear as he attempted to sink down for more of that dick, just slipping a little more before his ass protested once more. He would do this, slow and steady. It took a while, waiting until his ass would relax enough for him to slip down a smidge more and waiting again because his ass would tighten. He was glad he couldn’t see his clock in this position because he would have gotten impatient with peering over at how long this was taking.

He had to keep his mind occupied, and so Dave slipped into his imagination again. He thought about the bear, what would happen if his childhood friend was alive, what would it do? Well, it’s a bear, it would have surely torn him to pieces but this was Dave’s imagination and so he thought that the teddy would rub his back and let him take his time, nuzzle and kiss his face while Dave’s hole worked around that fat shaft. Dave purposely lifted the teddy’s limp arms and wrapped them around his slim waist, letting the beany paws barely touch his ass. With his time wasted in his head he had unconsciously slipped at least an inch into his ass, which was enough for the tip to ever so gently nudge his prostate. Dave couldn’t stop himself this time; a giant strap on in his ass that was so close to his sweet spot and prodding it occasionally, his balls drew up and his cock squirted cum between his and the bear’s stomach, matting the fur but Dave gave no shits.

His thighs were trembling and he couldn’t stop moaning; loud, whorish moans radiating through the room. He would have been
like doctors or something. He had watched a couple of videos in his sex education class, not daring to look as there was a bunch of sexual positions and showing how it could get hard and 'ejaculate', whatever that meant.

The sex ed also told him about waking up with a morning wood, which is exactly what he was experiencing right now. His boxers were tented up with some liquid at the top of the pitch, he didn't know what to do with it except put it inside a woman and wait until he 'ejaculates'. There wasn't a woman in his house though and it was embarrassing to walk around with it just poking out like that, something inside him made him reach out and prod the tip of his 'erection', flinching at a jolt of pleasure that ran through him. It felt good, tapping the tip of this made him want to rub it and rubbing it had made him desperate for more. "Haah...!"

He didn't really understand what was going on but his hips were moving on their own, seeking out that good feeling he had been given and grinding up against his hand. His palm was flat and stayed still while the rest of his body did the work; it was something he couldn't quite describe, it scratched a well deserved itch but it didn't feel like it was enough. It wasn't enough for him. John rolled over onto his stomach, hand continued to press into his hard cock but now trapped against the mattress for him to rock his hips into with more force, panting out against his pillow. Oh yeah. This was starting to get really awesome.

It was just the feeling of a surface to grind against, giving friction to his so called erection, was this what sex was all about? Because if it was then he was going to be doing sex for a long time. His hand was slowly going numb under the weight of his body but he could feel the dampness from the tip of his erection, knowing that he wouldn't be able to hold his palm under there for long, glancing around his bedroom for something that could give the same pleasurable experience, maybe even better. There was his wheelie chair neck to his desk, some clothes strewn all over the floor, his treasure chest box probably had some stuff in it that could work but he didn't want to get up and move to get them.

He was just fine the way he was right now, grinding down on his hand that had lost its feeling. There was always the side of the bed, it was solid enough to be a good replacement but half of him would be hanging off the bed and he would have to hold on tight in case he slipped off. The feeling of pins and needles in his hand, stabbing at his pleasure was enough for him to decide that the side of the bed would have to do for now, pulling out his hand from underneath him and moving over to slip one of his legs off the bed, lining up his hardened crotch against the edge and started to rut his hips to his selfish pleasure. It was actually much easier to move now he had the floor to push up on with one of his feet, his boxers were getting wet with liquid, for a moment he thinks that he had pissed himself but he didn't have a full bladder so he's guessing their is what happens before he ejaculates.

"Mm... Hn..." While enjoying the feel of his clothed cock pressing and rubbing against the edge of his bed, he was still convoys that the walls in his house were paper thin and his father was probably awake by now. He took the chance to stuff the corner of his pillow into his mouth to quieten his feeble moans, drooling on the material as his pace fastened; something in his balls made him want more, harder and deeper into the mattress. He lifted his hips to start humping, closing his eyes in bliss at the new feeling, it was like he was stabbing the bed with his cock and dominating over his primal urges to bury into something and claim it as his, his cock jerking and twitching in his boxers, leaking more precum as John's climax erupted.

His eyes widened and his body went stiff, tensing up and staying still as his cock splattered his first ever load of cum into his underwear, balls tightening up and pulsing, wanting as much jizz to come out as possible because they didn't know when they were going to be emptied next. The sensation of his first orgasm was something he wouldn't be able to describe in a million years, shuddering and toes curling up as he rode out the waves rushing through him, teeth clenching on the corner of the pillow and moaning into it, the fabric damp from his drooling. "Mmgh...!"

He slumped down limply on the bed, not even bothering to pull off his boxers as he panted softly, the scratch that he needed itching was completely satisfied and he knew he was on the right track because this felt amazing and he even ejaculated. The sperm in his underwear was actually starting to make
see him, that cutie with the red hoodie.

He’s always on this bus before you, always has a book and headphones on. You look him up and down, red worn down jumper, the hood down so you can see his messy chocolate hair; it looks so fluffy you want to just pet it. It nicely cups his tanned face and the redness of his run down hoodie makes his skin look edible. He would look even better with your jacket on him and you grin at that before focusing back on the beauty now crossing his leg over the other. His black skinny jeans hug his legs and damn, those thighs are just mouth-watering, you wouldn’t mind having them thunder thighs straddling your lap.

You let out a shaky breath and change the song on your IPod before looking back at the beauty reading the book, he’s been reading that book for a couple weeks now, it must be a boring book, it looks plain and bland, very thick, not eye catching at all if it were on a library shelf. Maybe he’s a student at the college a couple blocks down the street.

Before you can contemplate what’s on the front, the bus hisses to a halt, door sliding open; this must be your stop. You get up and get a last look at the cutie before exiting the bus, going into your job with a skip in your step. Ever since that kid started getting on the bus a few months ago, you’ve always felt a little happier at work, maybe you should actually get the balls to stop staring at him and try to talk to him. Huh.

The next day you get on the bus, you frown, it’s actually quite crowded today and most of the seats have been taken. Well, all but the one beside the cutie with the red hoodie. You sit down next to him and pull out your IPod again, putting your headphones in before your eyes dart to him; now that you’re closer you can actually look at him in more detail and oh my god do you look at him. He’s got freckles dusting over his cheeks and drifting down his neck, lips plush and hazel eyes heavily concentrated on the plain book cupped in is dainty hands. You can see now that it’s an Edgar Alan Poe book, no wonder it’s not very eye catching. He seems to be having some problems with concentrating, reading over the same few lines. Maybe it’s because of the loudness of the bus? There are some teenagers in the back who are making quite a fucking racket. A light bulb goes off in your head; this is your chance, Cronus! Talk to him!

You take a few short breaths before gently tapping the cutie’s arm, watching as he flinches and looks up, eyes look directly at you, now you can see the soft flicks of green in those hazel globes. 

You smile sheepishly before starting. “Hey chief, I see you can’t seem to keep you head in your book, take my headphones if you want.”  You take your headphones out your ears and hand them over; he looks a bit shocked at first before raising an eyebrow.

“Two things; one, I don’t know you therefore why should I take them, and two, if I took your headphones, I wouldn’t be able to listen to my music because I forgot my mp3 player.” He huffs in a curt tone; his voice is low but has a feminine tinge to it, it brings a shiver through your spine.

You smile and pass your IPod over to him. “You can use this, chief. Go through my music, I have a wide range and I have nothin’ to hide.” He chuckles, pushing the IPod onto the kids lap. “And the name’s Cronus, what’s yours?”

He looks down at the IPod in his lap before sighing softly smiling his thanks to you, “Kankri.”He puts a headphone in and looking through your songs before picking a classical melody, you forgot you even had something like that but you’re glad you did because he psychically relaxes in his seat, looking at his book again and continuing to read, more at ease this time.

You watch his features; his soft looking skin unblemished and the way his little pink tongue darts out his mouth to wet his bottom lip before catching it in his teeth. You wish you spoke to him earlier. Kankri huh, that’s an interesting name, it fits him, fits his type of music and his style of clothing.

The bus hisses to a stop and you get up from your seat, a bit disappointed that you had to leave such a perfect moment, you get down the steps and off the bus, sighing in satisfaction, reaching into your jacket pocket to find nothing.

Shit. You forgot to get your IPod back. The sound of the bus hissing and rolling away means you lost your chance to get it back. Not to worry, just chill out, you look down at
The sounds of grotesque squelching would never turn off Gamzee, in fact he thought that was the best part. 

At the moment he had his bulge deep inside his best friend’s eye socket, lazily moving his hips as he prolongs the effects of his pleasure. He held onto the bull like horns and with each thrust, he went deep inside, he loved the fact that the muscles were so worn out from him using it so many times that it now felt like a nook.

There was something in the back of Gamzee’s head that spoke to him in a clear voice, it was wrong, he shouldn’t be doing this. But the fact that Tavros’ head was just so perfect to hold and it could take in his bulge like a hungry mouth, his brain was mush anyway and if one socket would get too loose then he had another eye to pop and fuck open. 

The first time was a little hard; he found his best friend’s body just laid out there, a lance through the middle of his chest and his legs splayed out all inappropriate like. He took his best buds body home of course, cleaned it up nice and pretty, he wanted to preserve his friend’s dignity but when his mind caved in on him, the thoughts no longer being held back by sopor, he began to want Tavros. 

He had a bit of an obsession on Tavros’ eyes, the way he was looking at Gamzee was just too much and he couldn’t take it anymore, he wanted to fuck the dead troll. At first he thought it was a little wrong to think this and act upon his urges, fucking against one of Tavros’ cold, metallic thighs, climaxing never felt so good when he did it with his best friend. It got to a point that just rutting against his dead body wouldn’t be enough, he had wanted more but he didn’t just want to have Tavros’ nook.

That’s when he decided that he would just get rid of the body and would keep the best part of his buddy; those eyes, so glazed over but still filled with innocence. Gamzee had taken good care of scooping out one of the eyes, making sure it wouldn’t pop from his nails and the socket wouldn’t be ruined. He had put the eye in a glass of sopor, no reason why really, Gamzee just thought it was a waste to get rid of such a pretty eye. 

The first time he tried it was one of the best moments in his life; entering the virgin hole of Tavros’ eye socket and feeling the squish of the insides pushing against his bulge, the way he just barged in and fucked his brain to mush, the feeling of it against him. It was almost euphoric. The best part was releasing in his skull though, the way a small part of his face would swell slightly before Gamzee pulled out. Then when the clown’s bulge was no longer inside Tavros’ head, the material would leak ooze out the eye socket, mixing together with stale brown blood. 

Gamzee was close to release this time too, quickening his pace and holding onto his friend’s hair, fingers rubbing against the shaved sides around Tavros’ head; he loved the feeling of it, so soft yet slightly spikey. With a groaning curse, he let go and material poured out his bulge, filling up the inside of Tavros’ skull, the lifeless head getting a little swollen around the cheek from the amount of unwanted sludge inside. Gamzee panted a little and tried to calm down his breathing, once he had relaxed enough, he pulled his bulge out  and watched the violet material spill and dribble out the puffy eye rim, Tavros’ cheek deflating a little. 

Gamzee made sure that his buddy’s head would be clean and happy; he scooped out as much as he could of his material without causing too much trauma to the area, he then lifted Tavros’ head like an infant and set it on a flush pillow, like a highblood’s treasure. Tavros would be his forever, Gamzee would make sure of it. 

“I got you brother, I always got you.”
master. No use hiding now, he stepped out of the bush and in Kurloz’s field of vision. Cronus grinned playfully at the other troll. “Things not going so well in the land of quadrants?”


Silence, motherfucker.


His mouth felt numb and he glared across, a look was stronger than words anyway. His legs could still work anyway and he swagged his way over to leer near the mute troll, eyebrows rising in a flirtatious gesture.


You all and up with being a bucket? I need to let off some steam.


Cronus was perfectly okay with that if it meant he’d get laid. Though it was weird that the mute would offer so willingly, the greaser normally had to at least be on his knees with his face in the other’s crotch to get such a reply as to be fucked. Kurloz didn’t feel the need to kiss due to his mouth being not in use so he got to the good stuff, unzipping his skeleton themed trousers and grabbed Cronus’ greased up hair, pulling his head to his nook.

Cronus had no hesitation to get to work, lapping at Kurloz’s nook and feeling it getting wet with arousal. He licked a stripe up all the way until the purple bulge slithered out for some needed attention and Cronus was happy to comply; sucking the tentacle into his mouth with a little strain and gulped the pre-material coming out.


Suck it good and you might up and get a reward from the almighty chuckle voodoos my misguided motherfucker.


Cronus scoffed a little but continued to satisfy the troll; he knew just how to suck it right and get all the spots that made Kurloz’s strange eyes roll back into his skull. He took it all the way to the base before suckling and rubbing his tongue on the underside. He took pleasure to hearing how the troll above him was making gruff sounds in his throat, hips working as he thrust into Cronus’ mouth, obviously taking his frustration out on him but he didn’t mind. Undoing his high-waist trousers, the greaser shoved his hand in and quickly got to work with sitting on his fingers, his bulge wrapping around his wrist, groaning around the bulge that was part way down his throat.


You look like you’ve praised the messiahs enough my brother, take those off and spread those legs for me.


Cronus quickly pulled his mouth off Kurloz’s bulge and cough a little, yanking his trousers down and throwing them away as he lay back on the grass, spreading his legs for the other troll. Kurloz admired the other for a moment, his nook was leaking and his bulge was twisting and curling; it was a motherfucking beautiful sight. He knelt down and unzipped his trousers more, pulling up open enough so it won’t be a bother later on, Kurloz then laid over Cronus and watched his face as he pressed his bulge to the others nook, letting it go wild and enter the tight walls.

“Fuck chief, gonna have to give me a second here.” He panted out, feeling how he was immensely filled to the brim with bulge, he looked up and leaned forward, kissing the stitches on Kurloz’s mouth, feeling the other frown and thrust his hips forward. He let out a huff of excitement and wrapped his legs around Kurloz’s waist, wanting the bulge inside him to deeper, even if it would hurt a little.


Tell me how much you love it, scream it so even the dead can hear your voice.


With that echoing in Cronus’ head, he felt himself empty before a small amount of pain radiated through him, quickly being replaced by a wave of pleasure. Kurloz was thrusting in hard now, getting his work out with trying to get as deep as he could into the tight, warm walls of the greaser’s nook. Cronus cried out against those lips, throwing his head back to hit the ground; oh fuck he was so big he couldn’t even feel it properly, the rush of pailing was just hitting him dead on, he could barely think with the other constantly using his mind as a speaker to voice his words.

He clung to the other, arms around his neck and gripping his messy hair as he continued to kiss and lick at the stitches; it really was a shame he had to stop using that mouth, he would have been a good kisser if he had his tongue again. No matter, Cronus improvised as he dug his legs more into Kurloz’s lower back, wanting more as he pulled the other closer to him, feeling himself get closer to blowing his fuse.

Kurloz of course was already feeling himself build up; his bulge had gotten a little thicker with the material that was going to be released. He started going harder into Cronus’ nook, wanting the other to be brought to completion before him.


Climax my brother, let it out and scream for me.


It was like a switch for Cronus, letting himself fall as he released his material; it caked both their thighs and the grass beneath them. He shuddered and moaned breathlessly, keeping a tight grip on Kurloz’