passive struggles, I simply let him be. While I couldn’t make out his words, I found myself listening to his tones, the mood in his expressions as he kept speaking and the way he carried himself leaning on the wall – and this was a completely new side of him I was finding myself witnessing. There was no doubt that he had dropped all pretenses, even though I would never be certain what truths he were telling me. I warranted that he was simply being honest about something else, but not necessarily the things he’s always been hiding. It was an astounding sight to watch him speak and be animated like that, and for once I found myself enjoying listening to him, even finding that I was acting accordingly based on his mannerisms. If he narrowed his eyes and hissed at me, I growled back at him. If he flashed a grin, I smirked. It was then I wondered if this was the few times I would witness him like this – because for all I know, he would return to his methods of deceit anytime. I had a sudden desire for him to stay like this always.

But just then, his voice dropped dramatically and his eyes cast down as his words whittled down. I sharply looked at him, wondering what on earth he had said that made him so depressed. He caught my eyes at the same time. Then he laughed. A laugh I equally detested as much as his abysmal smiles and deceitful words like all the other times. Any notions that I would keep seeing him like this in his true self immediately backfired out of my head all because of that fucking laugh. I hated that. I wanted to brush away that laughter and tell him to not laugh, that I preferred it if he didn’t laugh when he didn’t need to just like with those unnecessary smiles. And words. I scowled, standing up angrily and tossed the empty bottle aside, and did the only thing I could do.

I grabbed him.

“Stop it!” I yelled at him, shaking him by his collar unnervingly. “I thought you wouldn’t be an ass anymore.” My head was spinning with rage. “But I guess I was fucking wrong!”

He looked at me, so startled at my outburst. Well he should be, and even though I probably made no sense whatsoever to him, I kept finding myself wanting to scream at him to stop all of those facades because I wanted to like him so badly. But instead of yelling back at me as I narrowly hoped he would, the moron laughed again. My hand gripped his shirt along the neckline even tighter, anger and frustration flaring even more.

So much that I kissed him ferociously, nearly knocking the wind out of him.

I didn’t know where the hell I was going, but I couldn’t stop myself anymore. I wanted this. I needed this. I was furious, at him for laughing, at me for believing I could finally always see the real him. Refusing to let go, I pinned him hard to the ground and kept my mouth clamped down on his firmly, leaving him the slightest of room to still breathe in between the furious kisses. I could feel the heat emanating from our bodies pressed so firmly against each other. 

When I get angry, I lash out. But this was a different battlefield and I intended not to surrender at all to him and his whims. I was aware that my rage could get the best of me, that far often my rage meant completely something else. But now the rage that was coursing through me and my sudden lust could only mean that I was falling for this damn idiot. And I had no idea when it happened or how it happened or evenwhy I felt like this. All I know for sure was that I simply was. I still wanted him to be always true to himself and to stop being so reckless about his life, along with everything else that got on my nerves. And now he was resisting me; for gods sake the only time he was trying to fight back was now. Yet I would not yield to him – I refused to. So I growled back and nipped at the base of his neck.

He stopped. 

And I didn’t stop there.

After slicking on oil in the appropriate areas and hastily working around him, I started pushing inside of him and forced my mouth on his again to quell him from yelling, lest other men would hear us – as well as to distract him from the momentary pain. As I kept going on, words kept coming into my head and even though they seemed pointless, insignificant to one who could not even understand me right now, I raised my mouth over to his ear and kept telling him over and over: “I hope you trust me”; “I’ll never stop…caring…” ; “I never meant to hurt you”; and… “Fuck, you’re growing on me!” And so I kept hounding those into his ear until I came at last, until I let go and we stood there in silence in the dark
, who knows? Fact is, he just whistled. “Just like that?”

The music is pulsing in the background and it’s not helping with my growing headache. Headache from five shots of gold rum or headache from going into this damn subject matter, I have no idea. “Nah, more like with a note that said some shit about not wanting to risk harming me and the others. Thinking the Mafia will leave us alone if partner’s out. Such an idiot, I know innocence when there’s one.”

It’s funny, one would think I would start bawling at this moment, but it takes a lot for me to even shed some tears. But I feel a bit fine now after having some good shots, talking to him about her. “So…I’m still on the hunt to find said idiot,” I finish at last. He doesn’t say anything.

“So then,” I resume, letting go of the shot glass in my hand and still going at it squeezing my fist open and close, “what about this ‘idiot’ in your group?”

I don’t even have to look at him in his eyes, let alone just look at him. I can just tell that this is something he won’t be perfectly willing to just talk about from the get go. Hell to that. If I just drop the bomb about my missing partner (not lover, maybe once lover, but not lover now) he should do the same. 

“Fine,” he says so sharply. “It used to be that the idiot was the only one I was highly looking out for. Now hell has broken loose for the rest, but that idiot is still an idiot out of them all.” He’s still touching his left wrist, and I think he’s been doing that even more without hiding the fact he’s doing that ever since we started this bottle of gold rum.

“What you said about yours fleeing because of not wanting to hurt you and the others you live with. You could say it’s the same for the one I’m…close with.”

“Hold it there,” I interrupt. Close, he said close. I think I’m getting it. He pretty much cares for (love, I have no freaking idea, but caring is still strong enough) this person. “You said ‘close. But you seemed hesitant about it.”

There’s silence, and maybe it’s just my overextended imagination, but I hear a light choke coming from his throat before he forces it down. For once this night, I am patient and let him be, let him gain is composure as he needs be. Not because I completely understand the pain of talking about a particular idiot…or perhaps it is because of that. 

“Because it’s something I know the idiot wants to avoid – being close,” he finally answers, letting me sufficiently know that he feels close, wants to be close to that person, but his said idiot doesn’t want to.

“But not a runaway, I’m guessing?” I ask, instantly feeling the bitterness of my wounds leaking into the question.

He shakes his head, but then sourly adds, “Emotionally though. Making all efforts to put up a distance with a huge wall, if you can call it that.”

“Well, that’s just as awful as my situation then!” I boldly declare. “And you’ve been trying to deal with it, to even nudge otherwise?”

His hand flinches and once again he’s going back to that goddamn scar that’s now irritating me so much, even though the poor man can’t help it, really.   

“Yeah.” But then something is ticking him off. I can feel it, am more aware of these in my current state of mind. “Fuck,” he blurts out, “no, I… I didn’t ask for any of this, even though I chose to. What the hell am I thinking?!”

I don’t know why, but I’m feeling hurt. I can feel his pain so well, so vividly and tangibly. And I know why, because his pain is what I’m feeling too and it fucking hurts so much. He’s so angry, and I know how that feels, to be angry and frustrated and not wanting to feel helpless at all but when in cold reality you are helpless.

“I think we should leave,” I suggest, rationality still there in my head and fighting to get away from the urge to round up more shots in order to avoid any of us getting considerably worse. 

He doesn’t say anything else, so I assume he will not fight back. I then quickly hail over a bartender and he fires up a tab for me, which I state will be under me. My drinking companion seems to understand, for when I go over to him to get him up as well, he doesn’t hold back at all. Sure, maybe I stumble
For a long time, Kurogane detested Fai’s tongue. The blond spoke too much nonsense: insincere and hollow words. He’d wanted nothing more to shut the mage up by running after him with his long sword out and swinging. Later there wasn’t much he could do against Fai’s cold, sharp tongue. All he did was fight back and let Fai feed from his wrist. It was warm and wet as it was to be expected, but it didn’t feel sensual and inviting at all. In the end though, he managed to have his revenge by silencing the idiot (his idiot) at opportune moments by kissing him, thoroughly and deeply. 

But there were still moments to this day when Fai would use his tongue for mischief. Like now. 

Kurogane gripped the bed sheet tighter, his knuckles turning white. His legs twitched as Fai went deeper, pockets of soft breaths tickling and warm and wet tongue lacing every inch of his hardened cock. He had his other hand tangled through Fai’s soft hair, wisps of them brushing against his inner thighs as he grunted and guided Fai down further. When Fai performed fellatio on him the first time, Kurogane’s pride was fickle as ever and he refused to cave in and let out any noises of pleasure immediately. But over time and the quick improvements of Fai’s deliverance, Kurogane knew better. There was no point in holding it in. He let out any noises his heart-racing chest and addled brain produced. Fai was that damn good.    

Some more minutes passed. Then, Fai engulfed it all completely in his mouth, along his throat. His hips bucked in tandem and a loud whimper escaped from his lips. Fai didn’t stop there. He sucked harder, faster. Kurogane felt blood pulsing in his ears and cheeks as the warmth in his belly pooled further south. His breathing grew heavier and ragged, his toes curled as he used all his might to keep his body from falling back on the bed. He felt Fai rubbing a thumb over the spot where inner thigh meets the groin, pressing it. Kurogane’s whimpering turned into several strangled whines and they grew louder and louder as Fai swept his tongue with gusto. 

He could feel it coming, feel the burning heat of Fai’s tongue along his flesh and sending nerves on fire. Deeper, harder, faster faster faster faster ohgodsIcanfeelitI’mgoingto – I’m going to…

Fai then withdrew, his lips drawing a loud smack along the tip of his shaft. Before his body and erection could cool down, the blond eyed his bedmate. Mischief and playfulness twinkled in his blue eyes, causing Kurogane to blush ridiculously redder. It didn’t help with how Fai was presenting himself between his legs, soft hair pooling over his round, kiss-enticing shoulders.  


Damn tease.


Not letting go of his bedroom gaze, Fai then smiled wickedly and licked the entire head. Slowly.

It was enough to make Kurogane lose total control.

He let out a mangled cry as he came, unwittingly into Fai’s mouth. The blond choked on some and then let go. Kurogane breathed hard and fell back on the bed, exhausted. It took some time until he could feel the blood coming back into his brain and he could see and hear better. The image of Fai’s sultry gaze still haunted him. Well that was an amazing climax. 

Fai lay down next to him and smiled teasingly.

“Good?” he said.

Kurogane was too tired to say anything. But the large grin on his face ought to be good for him.


Damn tongue. 

Kurogane had become too aroused, begrudgingly faster than any other time previously. Adding to his burning shame was the awareness that his pants were rather too tight at the moment. He wished nothing more to leave this bed, to leave this man and room to finish off on his own in privacy with what was left of any dignity he thought he could possibly have left. Yet as if everything in the last four hours or so had indicated, nothing was going out the way he wanted it to be for, sure enough, the man must have been reading his mind when Kurogane witnessed in horror as he went to undo his belt.

“Someone here is very hard already,” the man teased, causing Kurogane to blush furiously.

“Don’t you dare –” he started to say, but his words were immediately drowned when the blond man went down on him.

He could feel his heart pounding and blood flowing away from his head as the seductive stranger commenced on sucking, ministering his tongue along the way and quickly inching his wet and warm mouth further and further (did he have no gag reflex?) until Kurogane forced his hand on the sheet and barely suppressed from moaning loudly. 

“I – ngggh – said stop it – hurggggh – already.”

“Stop being so uptight,” the man said at last, after pulling away. “Besides” – he swept his fingers, partially wet with pre-cum, and sucked on them, much to Kurogane’s aghast expression – “you need to loosen up.”

He started pulling down Kurogane’s pants, pushing himself up with one knee and splayed it on the teacher’s abdomen as his robe shifted to reveal the rest of his inner thighs. Right in front of Kurogane’s eyes he pushed his own fingers inside himself with ease. He bit on his pale lips and moaned loudly, sending unexpected shivers down Kurogane’s spine when at last he repositioned himself right on top of his hard length and mounted.

It was fast and rough, and it felt so strange – but he was so warm and tight and it felt good and Kurogane was even bucking his hips and the man was flushed with his breath so hitched. The man was so loud, sweat perspiring down his sun-silk hair and sticking to his temples, tantalizing tongue darting out of his partially open mouth as he spread his hand inside his robes and started rubbing his nipples, feeling himself and getting harder. The sight of him in pure ecstasy and milk-white skin exposed to all, the smell of sweat, sex, and herbal pine and the warm, burning feeling inside of him flared his belly. No matter how much his mind was spinning from lust and need all eyes were still on the blond as the man took it upon himself with his hands to finish both Kurogane and him off until they lost themselves together.

He then felt it – a pool of warm seed spilling across his stomach. Dazed and submerged in his own beads of sweat, Kurogane caught his breath until blue eyes locked on his once more. He was breathing hard as well, but something in those eyes of his still had that same flicker of mischief from earlier, pulling him in a locked, paralyzed gaze until he felt the man’s lips kissing him again.

Impossible, he thought, kissing back, tongues meeting halfway. Never had he met someone so smooth, so passionate in bed until tonight. Kurogane could feel fatigue wearing on his body – but this man, he was still pursuing. He was still inside him, so tight and warm and needing that Kurogane could feel the man’s pulse quivering. More alarmingly he still felt a small pool of heat burning away below his belly. More, he wanted more.


No, it’s just the alcohol, it’s just the alcohol.


“Dammit,” he said out loud, giving in. In retaliation he pushed the man off and quickly pinned him below, ignoring the startled cries from the others.

He resumed kissing him, deeply, openly, pushing one hand underneath fine, silky hair (so soft, so smooth he barely stopped himself from thrusting harder). His tongue trailed down the thin, smooth neck, kissing roughly in a sensitive spot that caused the blond to moan, pushing, grinding his hips harder, quicker. 

“That’s it,” the man encouraged, digging his fingernails deeper into Kurogane’s forearms, “you got this.”

Kurogane shouldn’t be doing this, shouldn’t be catering in to the man’s debauchery when his full sense of dignity had already been washed down the drain ever since Umi had angrily left him alone at the bar. But he didn’t give a damn – and it was only for one night, with a stranger anyways.

Tonight, he caved in.

His grandparents Shizuka and Kohane were sitting around the table and helping themselves to breakfast when Kurogane returned to the family’s temple the next morning and announced his homecoming. He tried his best to look normal and presentable, as if nothing radical and wild had happened the previous night. In honesty, it was a foolish mistake on his part to drunkenly
escaping. Right now, for him, it’s all about indulging Kurogane, and only Kurogane, under tight conditions. And sure enough, when he feels a bulge rising beneath him, he slides off his lap onto the cold, hard floor and presses his mouth against it.  

Kurogane jerks with such force that the chair raises then slams down hard and loud. Fai holds down his thighs, thumbs pressed into the folds of his leather pants.       

“Careful now, you don’t want the others to wake up, do you?”

“Bastard.”

The belt and zipper come undone. Cotton underwear is the only thing left preventing Kurogane’s hard cock from release. He rubs in circular motion and blows a huff, receiving an earful of colorful words. It goes on like this, thumbing fabric and sending breaths until Kurogane is rendered incoherent. Pants pulled down to his knees and cock free, Fai palms its tip. As enticing as it already is, he can smell the blood rushing in, bloodlust and arousal overwhelming him so much he can’t see straight for a brief moment. He licks his lips.

“You best hope you don’t bleed some more,” he taunts.

Kurogane swallows hard (and Fai shivers). “Don’t you dare feed on m-hnnggharrrgh!”

He’s on point in a sense. Fai devours him, but not his blood. He does not take his sweet, slow time consuming Kurogane’s hard member, sucking hard and teasing as much skin as he can with his lithe tongue. After blood, a prey’s flesh is the tastiest for vampires. And what flesh it is. Warm, salty, and sticky with pre-cum – it’s as divine, if not more so, as his blood. But unlike beading pools of blood trickling from flesh, lapped up bit by bit to satiate hunger, it’s denser and all there at once, and he can taste it in his mouth over and over as he bobs up and down. The noises Kurogane make are obscene and he’s writhing, bucking in tandem to Fai’s ravenous mouth, and blood and pulse and everything about him is so tantalizing that he’s so hard and oh if he could get off himself but he shouldn’t. 

Kurogane’s blood flow increasing, pulse surging in staccatos, and muscles thrumming, Fai dips in and out faster. He’s going to make Kurogane come so hard that he’ll remember him long after he’s gone that the warrior will be over-exhausted and unable to make it up and come after him. Breaths hitched, muscles quivering and blood pulsing so loudly that it’s all Fai can hear and his balls are tingling, he puckers a ring with his lips around it. He’s going to come, Fai feels it; almost, almost – 

“Stale – hah – mate.” 

That word, the safe word he himself assigned for Kurogane, pulls him sharply from his bloodlust state. Kurogane using it, surrendering, is surprising enough for him to withdraw quickly.

He hadn’t expected him to use it now, but Kurogane did. In some twisted, cruel way, he feels betrayed, losing that control he relied on tonight. But of course, he doesn’t want to hurt Kurogane any more than he already has, as a companion and the dominant. 

Collecting himself on his feet, he then gets a better view of Kurogane’s state. Disheveled, almost naked with pants down his ankles, cock still throbbing and flushed, and panting heavily, Fai barely manages to will away from such irresistible distraction. He unties the belt from Kurogane’s hands. It falls to the floor along with the loosened arm band. No longer bound and strapped to the back of the chair, Kurogane stretches his arms with a great, big sigh, and then drops them by his side. 

Fai walks around, clacking boots filling the sudden silence between them, and slips his fingers underneath the band covering Kurogane’s eyes. He’s not sure what to expect when their eyes meet again – looking away is not an option since Kurogane will catch on to his uneasiness right away. Calloused hands clutch his wrists as soon as the band comes off. For a fleeting moment, Fai sees those familiar red eyes, brilliant and passionate – and then the next thing he knows Kurogane pulls him down and crushes him with his lips.

It’s not blood, it’s not flesh, but it feels good, Kurogane feels good and warm and safe and just right. 

Fai can’t let go. (He doesn’t want to.) 

Lightheaded, his knees cave in, but Kurogane holds him steady. He gets up. The chair scrapes, but neither pays attention to how loud it is. Kurogane’s practically stark naked. Fai isn’t. Tan fingers pick at his buttons and he lets him. His crisp shirt falls to the floor, and for the first time this night he feels the warmth of Kurogane’s chest directly against his. Warm blood and steady heart pulses beat
he had clapped his hand on your armored shoulder in a similar fashion after you killed that soldier. You thought he was appraising you for your quick reaction in the name of self-defense, but you were wrong, oh how you were wrong. He wasn’t being proud of you in that awful, awful moment ago. No, Kurogane then was offering his comfort discreetly as he could since you were all still on the battlefield and couldn’t show such consoling. But now, in the privacy of the quarters reserved for the two strongest warriors for the king, he could.

All your life nobody wanted to be near you, didn’t want to touch you at the slightest, treating you and Fai as vermin that should be left to rot away, and rot away you two did at the valley. Your mother never comforted you when you cried, not even when you were just a baby wailing in your crib because she was too distraught at bringing the most accursed children out into the world. Nobody sought to touch you, comfort you, because when you suffered it was just a retribution for the harms your living presence brought to the Valerian citizens. The first touch of love and comfort came from your twin, your brother, your everything, and you and he were all that you had. But then he was taken away from you, ripped from your arms for eternity when he fell from the tower. Ashura was the next person who you never hesitated to seek comfort from, but even now he isn’t within reach, sleeping still in the pool of water right next to your brother. Comfort always came with a heavy price, and for the first time since you left Celes, you want it.     

Kurogane’s eyes lock on yours again, and in the moment of fully understanding just what on earth is going on and feeling everything threatening to come out, you are finally, finally able to let out a loud wail as he wraps his other arm around you and pulls you towards him.

The crying doesn’t stop. He holds on to you and doesn’t say anything. Not even a sigh or a grunt comes from him. It goes on like this for a while, as if it’s been long overdue, or maybe it is. Kurogane isn’t your parent, not even remotely a parental figure, but he’s all that you have so you just stay there, sobbing below his neck, hands locked there and fingernails scraping on padded clothing. You can’t see anything past your tears – only feel your body shake against the warriors, feel the strange but soothing warmth from his arms. He murmurs, and this time it’s gentler, calmer than when he first entered the room, words you cannot fully comprehend, but all the same you know it to be soothing words, like a parent comforting a child. It’s surreal, but you know he really does mean it.

You gasp for air, throat still tight as it is, but instead of feeling overwhelmed and completely helpless in the company of Kurogane, you let the pain ride out with your breath, your salty tears, and the rage and anguish that claw through the warrior’s chest. For the first time in four months you feel safe letting your walls down. Even though your grief shows, Kurogane doesn’t know what you have been thinking about, what atrocities have been done on your bloodstained hands in the past, and that’s all that matters because there is no way you could ever have him or the children find out. You’ve betrayed many others before, and yet here at this very moment, Kurogane had willingly open himself up to protect you, hold you, comfort you. 

And for that very reason, it hurts so much.

Fresh tears well up. Your throat tightens and you choke, yet you let them fall in silence, shutting your heavy and weary eyelids. But then you feel rough fingers grasp your chin, tilting your face. You can barely make sense of what’s in front of you in the dark room, vision muddied from tears, but you can still see the outlines of Kurogane’s eyes, pitch black, still attentive. He slides his hand past your jaw, over your cheek, sending your nerves on fire and leaving you to catch your breath. His fingers rest just beneath your right eye, tracing it; thumb wiping away your tears in slow, gentle strokes. You can hear him breathing and feel the warmth of it tickling your skin. He talks again, softer, murmuring in his mother tongue that soothes instead of intimidates. It’s calming, like a lullaby, and you drink in those sweet, sweet words of his. A spell has been cast, leaving you to drown in it as if you never wish to resurface. 

In a stupor, Kurogane edges closer, his breath brushing against your eyelashes. It’s strange. Everything about him feels so warm, and you never want that to leave you that you don’t even attempt to push him away. His chin brushes against your nose, and
day.

“Because.”

“Because she’s pretty?” And in a sense, Rei does think his girlfriend is beautiful from an aesthetic point of view.

“Yeah,” he says, with a crook in his smile. “She is.”

“Why else do you like her?”

“Well it’s none of your business.”

“It is!” Rei whines. “I want to know what makes people like each other.”

His brother suddenly scowls, folds his arms, and says, “Seriously, Rei, again? Can’t you learn when to stop asking all these questions?”

“I need to know.” He adjusts his glasses. (Rei read somewhere that it makes you look respectable and it helps people take you seriously.)

“No you don’t,” he says dryly. “Now stop pestering me, I got a lot of homework to do.”

And with that, his brother slams the door in front of him. Rei knows it’s just a cop out. His brother isn’t super punctual to his schoolwork like he is.

“Oniichan!”

A few months later they break up. His brother drowns himself in metal music next door, driving Rei up the wall. 

His old notes no longer work. Confused, he retreats to the library for recluse and search for different books on the science of relationships, hoping to find better answers.

Pituitary gland, hormones, pheromones – these are some of the anatomical and physiological things he learns in sex education class. They are widely touted scientific reasons for what causes people to undergo puberty and become attracted to each other. Rei finally understands what drives people to be passionate for each other.

Nothing still explains what makes people love each other that way.

“Rei-chan?!”

Suddenly the words in his pocketbook grow fuzzy and undecipherable that he has to stop reading for a moment. 

This obstinate classmate does not seem to notice how alarmed he is hearing his personal name from someone he doesn’t even know.

“You can call me Nagisa.”


Who does he think he is?


Rei sighs and fidgets his glasses.

“I refuse. We aren’t even that close.”

Sometimes he isn’t always rigid with rules and calculations. Just like how he finds himself feeling more flexible with swimming. It’s something he never felt when he had done pole vaulting.

For another, he never calls him Hazuki-kun, even before they got so close. ‘Nagisa-kun’ just feels more natural.

It’s a beautiful name, too.

“Why?”

Nagisa blinks inquisitively, but that doesn’t stop him from holding his hands over their steaming cups of hot cocoa. Rei is starting to doubt that it’s only the steam that’s making him feel hot and sweaty. 

“Why do you like me?”

“Ah, you mean why do I find you invigoreiting?”

If he could crawl underneath the table and hide his burning face, now is a good time.

“Rei-chan, I’ve liked you ever since I saw you run to school from the closest train stop.”

If his fingers would stop trembling, he could drink a lot to cover his face. 

He swallows.

“Uh-huh…go on.”

“Aw, that’s the most I could say. I just really, really like you a whole lot, and I know you really, really like me a whole lot, too.”

Nagisa’s words warm him, and yet, he still feels nervous. It doesn’t seem enough and his stomach drops. Nagisa, who’s quick to notice something’s on his mind as always, pets his hands with more affection.

“Rei-chan, it’s okay. Our feelings don’t need to be measured in scientific, theoretical terms.”

“They don’t?” he manages to strangle out.

“Nope.” 

Nagisa laughs, although they are reassuring, not mocking. It’s one of the things that are charming about him; how he can soothe people he cares for with his positive outlook, and it eases him.

“Tell me, Rei-chan, why do you like me?”

“Well, um…”

Nagisa is persistent, outrageous, but ultimately reliable and open. He cares a lot about his friends and does his best to include everyone, especially him. Nagisa also likes all things penguins, strawberry shortcakes, and just food in general. But he’s more than that, for certain. Out of everyone Rei has met through swimming, Nagisa was the first one to welcome him, the one he feels comfortable with and can rely on; and someone who can – someone who is…

“I, uh…”

“No organized list of reasons, right?” Nagisa says, and Rei starts to see it.

“No,” he affirms in astonishment. “And I’m – okay with that.”

He does not mind one bit as Nagisa sits much, much closer to him than they ordinarily do, even hitching one leg over his. He fully settles into his lap.

“Some things like love are better