body continues to fascinate him, though, especially now that he has words like 

please 

and 

more 

and 

touch 

, and then eventually the word 

cuddle 

. He loves to float with his head in Yuu's lap, arms wound around his or up behind his back to grasp his shoulders, watching him admiringly as they talk and learning the word 

upside-down. 

Lies curled in the circle of his folded legs, tracing the different shapes his knees make when they’re bent like this, or facing in and sliding his hands up Yuu’s stomach to the arc of his ribs, head pillowed on his thighs, and always, always hyper-conscious of that mysterious sensitive part that sometimes becomes stiff when he shifts and wriggles in Yuu’s lap, sometimes leaves Yuu blushing and sometimes steadfastly continuing to talk and others, suggesting they change position or suddenly retreating to the safety of shore and home. And if sometimes, he shifts and wriggles like that on purpose, if sometimes, Yuu ‘forgets’ and brushes his hands shivery-gentle over his lateral lines, leaving him biting his lip to hold back a gasp, neither of them finds the words to say.



They swim, too, out into the middle of the river. Yuu is strong enough to swim with the current, and Ren loves to dip beneath the surface and watch the alien way he moves, kicking his legs and thrashing his arms in a way that seems like it shouldn’t get him anywhere but does. But his favourite is the way back, when Yuu has to cling tight to his shoulders as he swims (that new term, 

upside-down 

, so Yuu’s head stays above the surface), knees clamped tight against his sides. It makes it hard to breathe, but it’s only for a little while because he is

 fast 

and 

amazing 

and makes Yuu laugh and cry out with delight as he feels the water rush past them.



But sometimes they’re out too far, and Ren slows to a leisurely speed, slow enough for Yuu to sit up and let him catch his breath, though how he could breathe with his beautiful boy so close, lit by the glimmer of stars and distant streetlamps and shining with water and exhilaration, leaning with his hands on Ren's chest to watch the working of his gills, and close, so close, and so warm, and Ren always pretends he’s not so quick to recover so that he can enjoy it a little bit longer.



And on the best days, even once they get back to shore, Yuu stays there, curling his arms around Ren’s shoulders and resting his head on his chest as he flicks his tail lazily to keep them in place, both of them half-asleep on him as Ren idly traces his back.



He sings to him, then, sings things he half-hopes Yuu doesn’t understand, half-hopes he does, things that, regardless, leave him blushing and shy when Yuu finally looks up, blinking at him sleepily and then nuzzling his chest and lying back down, twining his fingers in his hair and murmuring his own incomprehensible poetry into the stillness of the night.







cmon man did u think id miss updating this during mermay


Cold steals over the Arakawa river slowly, coming first at night and slowly spreading its chill fingers into the day, leaving the grass at the river’s edge alone but tracing the green farther inland with white until the morning sun kisses it away.



There comes a night when Tajima won’t get in the water with him, and Ren twists his tail in unhappy knots, biting his lip, but understands. The river is too cold for him as well, urging him downstream and out into the ocean to follow the birds to where summer reigns eternal. But he doesn’t mention such things to Tajima, doesn’t give in to the ache in his heart for home and surf, because his boy comes to see him more now. Earlier too, bundled up with new words to teach him like 

hoodie, cap, gloves, jacket

.



If his boy can’t come into the river, Ren will learn to pull himself on shore. Far clumsier than Tajima is in the water, embarrassingly graceless, but he’s determined. They have to find a new place to meet, not too muddy, not too rocky, somewhere smooth pebbles give way to slippery grass. Somewhere with shelter enough from the streets above to hide the two of them as Ren twines his tail around Tajima’s legs and listens to him talk about 

off-season

 and classmates, and marvel at how much he understands and how much he still does not.



It’s colder, though, out where the wind dries his skin, steals the heat even from his boy’s exposed skin. Leaves Ren sneaking his fingers in under 

jacket, shirt

 to the warmth of his stomach, making Tajima squawk a protest. But he lets him stay like that, though he looks down at Ren thoughtfully.



Not the next time he comes, but the time after that, Tajima brings him 

gift, sweater, hoodie

, pulls the pale lump
in Oikawa’s pants to pull them down. Oikawa shifts his hips the tiniest fraction to let him do it, controlling himself carefully until Suga pulls back again.

“Quit teasi—”

There’s the sound of Suga spitting.

Heat rushes to his cheeks.

“Spread your legs a little?”

He wants to crack a joke, snark something at him, but all he can do is nod and slide his legs further apart. Suga smiles, the dark line of his lips messy now but still gorgeous, gorgeous, and opening around the head of his dick so beautifully. Fingers push between his cheeks and he has to make himself relax, while somehow, somehow remaining still. He bites his lips together, releasing them on a plosive gasp as Suga’s fingertips push inside.

He can see the erratic rise and fall of his chest, the more measured expand of Suga’s ribs, and he might feel angry but no, he loves this, loves feeling all undone and then tied back up again by these lips, these hands, the red marks on his skin and everything they mean.

He reaches out to stroke fingers through his hair but fingers clamp around his wrist. But with a groan that resonates through Oikawa’s body, Suga brings his hand the rest of the way, eyes flicking up briefly.

“You’re a…you’re a…” He can’t finish the thought because Suga’s fingers curve into him just so, and it’s all he can do to keep from moving, keep from shoving back on that firm touch or fucking into the raw heat of his mouth. He combs his hand through Suga’s hair, his breath coming in rough pants and his gaze flicking between the twin images of Suga, so gorgeous from every angle and plunging him closer, closer, closer, until he has to squeeze his eyes shut and smack his fist against the wall over and over.

He comes down slow. Suga’s fingers still slide into him lazily, even once he stands, kissing his parted lips with a small laugh. He reaches behind Oikawa to flick the light on, blinding, blinding, but he’s not looking anyway, too intent on kissing.

Suga tugs him away from the wall, slipping behind him and urging him over to the mirror. Oikawa’s almost reluctant to look in the stark light, but it stirs a shiver of arousal in him, seeing the marks where Suga’s mouth had been, the writing scrawled down his ribs.

“I like your present, Tooru.”

He can feel Suga’s hard-on against his ass, jeans pleasantly rough against his bare skin. Embarrassment and arousal twine inside him, make him set his palms either side of the mirror, make him arch, make him meet his own still-dark eyes and then Suga’s at his shoulder. “Me too.”

In which oikawa somehow found Magical Lipstick that only selectively smears because otherwise suga would look like a 2yo who got into a pot of jam.

this was my first time writing these two, let alone this pairing, so I hope I did okay;;;;; OTL

em prompted:

Package: a box about the size of a shoebox, that seems to contain one itemTo: IzumiFrom: TajimaNote: use it when you're lonely and I'm not around ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Izumi eyes the box in the middle of the hall floor with the practiced suspicion of a bomb disposal expert.

Cautiously, he picks it up, shaking it experimentally. Something weighty shifts inside, though it seems to be packed in. With a fingertip, he opens the note, a folded-over ripped-off piece of printer paper. What’s with that face? If you’ve got money to throw around on random presents, you could at least go to the bother of getting a card.

Izumi reads the note, slowly raising an eyebrow. Feeling simultaneous twists of anticipation and dread, he takes the box over to the table to open. Tajima hadn’t even taped it shut, giving Izumi horrified visions of him having spilled it on the floor in front of one of the neighbours on his way up.

The first thing to greet his eyes is a butt. A perfectly nice butt clad in a violently magenta bikini bottom. Izumi raises both eyebrows, lifting the magazine out.

“You know I have the internet, right?” he sighs to no one in particular.

“Yeah, but old-school’s fun sometimes, ain’t it?”

Izumi whips around and smacks Tajima with the rolled-up magazine.

“Ow! Hey!”

“Sorry,” he says, not sounding particularly sincere. “Why’re you…I thought you guys were playing up in Sendai…?”

Tajima hums happily, managing to turn Izumi back to the table and slip his arms around his waist. “Tomo-orow. I mean, I’m s’posed to be packing, but I came to drop this off, and then I got sleepy, so I took a lil’ nap
near their chests, Ren catches it.

His heart is instantly in his mouth, but Takaya swallows all his uncertainty and stubbornly pulls Ren’s hand closer, lacing their fingers together.

His eyes are still adjusting to the dim light from the window, but Abe’s pretty certain Ren’s smiling at their hands. And this smile, this one is different too. One he sees more often nowadays but still never enough. The one when Ren’s relaxed. Content.

Fuck. “Ren…”

Ren’s eyes flick to his face and then back to their hands. He ducks his chin down, wriggling happily, smile taking on a dreamier cast. “It’s…it’s just as good as I imagined…” Ren twitches, eyes flicking up to Abe’s for a second before he hunches down.

Heat climbs up Abe’s neck, and all he can do is stare for a moment. He swallows, looking at their hands. “What if you still can’t sleep?”

“Eh?”

“If just thinking about holding hands doesn’t work. What do you think of then?” He makes himself watch Ren’s face steadily, expression neutral.

Ren’s eyes dart around, and it almost seems like he won’t answer, will just keep huffing out his weird little noises. “Well… Sometimes I think about…if y—someone maybe t-touched…?” Abe’s expression takes on a slightly pained cast as he waits for Ren to elaborate. “Um…maybe just…my arm…?”

“You want someone to touch your arm,” Takaya deadpans. Ren peers at him helplessly, shrugging his shoulders. Takaya huffs out a sigh and shakes his hand free of Ren’s, grabbing it with the other one before he can get any weird ideas. He lets his hand close on the toned muscles of Ren’s bicep, thumb pressing into the firm flesh, then strokes down to his elbow before bringing his hand back up to just under the hem of his sleeve. “Like this?”

“Yeah…” Ren watches his hand, wide-eyed, as he pets him again. “But…but if someone wanted to touch me other places? That…that would also be nice…”

Feeling stubborn, Takaya asks, “Like where?”

“Um…” Ren’s eyes flick to him. “Maybe…maybe my hair? Or…or my face?”

Takaya does his best to focus on the satisfaction of getting a proper answer and not on the flush spreading across his cheeks or the excitement coiling in his belly. He slides his hand up past Ren’s shoulder to push his fingers into his hair, dragging his hand down so his thumb frames Ren’s cheek, fingertips brushing under his hairline. “Like this?”

Ren’s eyes have fallen shut, his face soft as he nods. “Yeah.” Abe’s lips quirk up at the corners as he slides his hand back up, brushing Ren’s hair back from his temple, his brow. It’s so soft against his fingers, and he wonders, not for the first time, what it would feel like against his cheek, his lips. His stomach, his thighs. Takaya tugs up on Ren’s hand a little, wanting to cover his burning face.

Not that Ren’s looking, still has his eyes closed and a blissful expression as Takaya draws his hand down to his cheek again. He strokes it lightly a few times, then back up to trace the line of Ren’s eyebrow, a relaxed arch right now instead of a worried slant. The ball of his thumb brushes Ren’s lower lip, and Abe’s left inhaling shakily, shifting his hand back to more neutral territory.

“And what if that doesn’t work?”

Ren’s eyes slit open; for a moment, he just turns towards Abe’s touch. “After that…or…or before, even? But…I like to think about touching that person, too?” Abruptly, Ren smushes his face into the pillow with a squeak, though Takaya can still feel his sleepy gaze.

His mouth feels dry and he can’t think how to respond, so he just shakes off Ren’s hand, grabbing it with his other and squashing it against his own cheek before going back to petting his hair. Ren nuzzles the pillow, humming a low noise, his other hand finding Abe’s again, curling around the back with their fingers laced together and tucking them up under his chin. It’s unfairly cute, and Abe’s left staring at him, barely paying attention to the feel of Ren tentatively stroking his face, down the side of his neck.

But then, with a shaky breath, he lets his own eyes fall shut, feeling the pads of Ren’s fingers slip over his skin, press against him. Disappear from his neck to reappear tracing down the bridge of his nose, trail over his cheek, even the curve of his ear. Press between his brows, and it doesn’t
and honestly, he regrets the words the second they come out of his mouth), but several of the other boys snicker at it. Or perhaps just at Mihashi’s terrified and bewildered expression as he stares up at Abe.

Mihashi shoots to his feet, getting tangled in the chair and nearly pitching onto his face before Abe steadies him. More laughter, and then Mihashi bolts off into the hall. Abe sighs, rights his chair, and then returns to the head of the class to continue.

After classes, still feeling grumpy, Abe stalks down the hallway to the library to return a reference book. He can’t help disinterestedly glancing in rooms as he passes by, which is why he’s brought up short by the sight of a familiar pale spray of hair on the pillow in the nurse’s room.

He pokes his head in, finding the nurse going through inventory sheets. Keeping his voice low, he asks, “Is that Mihashi Ren?”

She glances up, her face glum. “Yes. Tomoda-kun brought him in, half-awake and soaking wet. Said he found him in the bathroom.” She glances over at her charge. “I think he’s just exhausted, to be honest. Before he passed out, I got out of him that he hasn’t slept more than an hour or two for a week.”

Abe sighs in exasperation, looking over at Mihashi's stiff body under the light blanket.

“Something wrong, Abe-kun?”

Abe’s eyes linger on Mihashi a little longer before he glances back at the nurse. “When he wakes up, call me. I need to talk to him.”

“Certainly. Your number’s in the directory, I presume?”

He nods; the nurse turns back to her work. Abe lingers for a beat, feeling as if he should confess his part in Mihashi’s condition, but he holds back. I can fix this.

“Abe-kun, one more thing.” Her voice is low and she doesn’t look up. “When I got Mihashi-kun to change out of his wet shirt, he wouldn’t strip down until I left the room. Then when I was examining him, he wouldn’t let me draw up his shirt, and he flinched away from my touch in some places. And I’ve only been here a year, but this isn’t the first time.” She finally fixes him with a stern look. “I know there’s no point going to anyone with this. They’ll just sweep it under the rug, even more so because having something like this happen to the grandson of the man running the school… All I’ll say is, that kid could really use a friend.”

Abe’s stomach sinks, both at the confirmation of what he’d suspected, and at suddenly being saddled with this responsibility for this strange small bird. But he makes himself nod once more. “I’ll…do my best. Thank you for your hard work.”

He misses the call from the nurse; her message says that she had woken Mihashi up to send him to dinner and told him to phone but suspected he wouldn’t. Abe sighs, pulling his jacket on and kicking into his shoes before setting out into the fall dusk.

He spends a long time scanning the stragglers in the cafeteria but eventually has to acknowledge Mihashi’s not there. So he turns his steps to the dorm building he’d visited last week. His knock is answered by an implacable young man in glasses who informs him Mihashi isn’t here, hasn’t been back to the dorm that he knows of.

Abe sighs, steps dragging on his way back to the staircase. He doesn’t stop when an athletic-looking young man slips through a door in front of him, not until the kid grabs his jacket sleeve. He has large, expressive eyes and the air of someone who laughs a lot, although his current expression is grim.

“Abe-sensei, you’re looking for Mihashi?”

“Yeah. I wanted to check up on him. …Kanou-kun, right?”

Kanou smiles a little. “Mm-hm!” He drops eye-contact for a second in some internal debate, then fixes Abe with another serious look, his voice dropping to a whisper. “When he disappears like this…you’ll probably find him at the old diamond.”

Abe squints at him for a second, then asks, also whispering for some reason, “Baseball diamond?”

Kanou nods tightly. For a breath, he looks like he’ll say something more, but then he just nods once more and steps back through his door.

Abe has to check the school’s map; the field in question has been out of use probably longer than Mihashi has been attending here. He’s starting to suspect some dubiously funny prank as he squelches up to the gate.

But sure enough, hunched dismally in one of the dugouts and kicking the ground, is Mihashi.

Abe debates calling out to
enter weird names for people! And don’t just decide the teams!”



“Aww…! Wait, the teams are set, too?”



“Tajima-kun, what’s ‘cooles’?”



“Cool

est!!

 Weren’t enough characters. We still have to put your name in, we should make it something cool, too…”



“I’m…I don’t need a…i-if it’s me, it won’t be…” Mihashi waves his hands in front of himself.



Abe huffs out an irritated noise, elbowing aside Hanai (who’s still trying to find a way to edit the names), and types ‘ACE’ in the fourth space. From the corner of his eye, he can see Tajima grab Mihashi’s head and tip it up so he can see, and Abe smirks at Mihashi’s little cry of happiness. And then makes a startled noise when Mihashi hugs him, squashing his arms against his sides. Glancing around, embarrassed, he shakes an arm free and wraps it around Mihashi’s waist, and then, feeling very bold, quickly kisses his forehead. Mihashi squeaks and wiggles happily (and possibly kisses his shoulder or maybe just mashes his face against it briefly), and then blinks up at him with a shy little smile that makes it worth the embarrassment.



Still, he gives him a quick squeeze, then releases him, turning to Tajima. “Why’d you put us on a team?”



“Didn’t really think of it!” Tajima laughs out with a shrug, then dramatically smacks a hand to his forehead. “Aww, man! We coulda been Clean-Ups vs. Battery!” Hanai seems startled and inordinately pleased by that. “Instead, I guess 

we’re

 Team Have-Actually-Caught-In-Games,” Hanai looks 

less

 pleased about that, and even more irritated when Tajima points at him and Mihashi and finishes, “and Team Blushes-Alla-Time!”



“I do not!” Hanai splutters out, cheeks pink.



“Those...I don’t think those…g-good team names, Tajima-kun,” Mihashi whispers.



“What? No, they’re 

awesome!

”



“How about Team Needs-To-Shut-Up?” Hanai grumbles out.



“Oi, you including 

me

 in that?!” Abe glowers at him, but he can’t keep it up because Tajima is laughing and Hanai is laughing and 

Mihashi’s

 laughing, and so he just laughs too.



Tajima hops over, grabbing Abe’s shoulder and puffing out his chest, announcing, “Team Loudmouths!” at a volume that is unfortunately appropriate to the name; Abe gives him a somewhat pained look. “Aaaaaaand…I stand by Team Blush! It’s cute! Right, Abe? You could be Team Cuties, instead? Hey, is there anywhere to write team names…?”



Hanai rubs his forehead with a sigh. “How about…how about we don’t worry about team names? Can we just play the game, already?” Tajima pulls a pouty face, but then grabs his ball and darts over to the lane, flashing a grin over his shoulder before turning and immediately acquiring a familiar intensely focused air.



He still takes out a sum total of four pins, but seems unfazed, clapping Abe on the back with a grin, then leaning in with an exaggeratedly intense expression to ‘whisper’ “I’m counting on you, captain!”



“Captain,” Abe responds flatly.



Tajima shrugs. “I dunno, sounded cooler than just ‘Abe’! And I’m crap at bowling, so it’s no good for me to be captain, 

obviously

.”



“Wow. I’m so happy we’re on a team together. 

Thanks

, Tajima.” Abe shakes his head, rolling his eyes as he walks to the head of the lane. And neatly takes out six pins with one throw, and two with the next, to much cheering and clapping from Mihashi and Tajima and a simple ‘nice’ from Hanai. Abe sits down next to Mihashi on the worn semicircle of bench seats, smiling a little smugly at his admiring look, then scooting a little closer so their shoulders press together; Mihashi leans against him with a sigh and a wiggle.



“Consulting with the enemy!” Tajima cries indignantly, scaring the crap out of him, pointing at them.



Hanai picks up his ball, squinting at him disapprovingly. “Would you pipe down? You mean ‘consorting’, anyway.”



“Sure!” Tajima grins back uncaringly, then jeers enthusiastically when Hanai steps up to the lane.



“Shut 

up

, Tajima!” he grumbles, not turning, and Abe smirks, because Hanai’s shoulders are set rigidly in the way that almost guarantees he’s about to fail spectacularly.



But then he takes a deep breath, shakes his shoulders loose, and steps forward with practiced ease, sending the ball shooting down the lane in an elegant curve that takes out nine pins.



Tajima jumps up from his seat. “Whoa!!”



“H-Hanai-kun is a-amazing!”
if he chooses to go into the sciences or 

does

 he want to go into the sciences or do something more practical or… Abe Takaya is not particularly accustomed to lacking a firm direction, and finds the experience unpleasant enough that he decides to go into business and focus on finding a school with a good team.



Which is how he ends up staring across a chain-link fence at that muscle-headed bastard and his cocky grin and wanting to punch him in his beautifully white teeth just as much as he had four years ago and every time he’d seen him since then. Haruna, for his part, seems delighted to see him, is confusingly genuine-sounding when he says he hopes Takaya gets in there, and he’d better not have gone soft, because his fastballs are better than ever and he’s really getting more control now, does he wanna come see? Abe does, and he 

is

 impressed, not that he lets on, impressed enough that he exchanges numbers with Haruna after and doesn’t immediately go home and tear up his application for that school as he’d been inclined to when he first clapped eyes on Haruna.



But he doesn’t end up going there. When he texts Haruna to let him know, Haruna suggests they hang out anyway, celebrate the university he 

did

 get into. Abe’s perplexed, but says yes. He finds himself in Haruna’s dorm room. They watch a movie and eat microwave popcorn lying on their stomachs beside each other, close enough that their arms, their hips nudge against each other. It’s fun, and Haruna’s different from how he was back then, but the old hurt still lurks under the surface, and Abe cries on the bike ride home, glad that darkness hides what the wind doesn’t whip away into the night.



He’s no coward, though, and then next time Haruna asks him to hang out, he resolves to confront him about it.



It’s ideal, it’s on a long weekend and Haruna’s roommate has gone home, so it’ll be minimally awkward and maybe, just 

maybe

 he can get some of the answers he wants.



But he doesn’t, he just ends up looming over Haruna where he sits on his bed with his arms crossed over his chest, feeling like a petulant child screaming at an adult for all that he’s several centimeters taller than Haruna and speaking in a dangerously level voice.



Haruna just seems confused, says he though Takaya had got over all that bullshit and was ready to be friends again.



“Friends? We were 
never
 fucking 

friends

, you thick clod. I was a fucking target to you, nothing more.”



“Hey, that’s 

not

 fair! And anyway, I was going through a lot of shit at the time, and—”



“Like that fucking excuses it? I 

looked up

 to you! I fucking 

worshiped

 you, and I stood through it all, through the bruising and the ridicule and 

all

 your self-important bullshit, because—”



He stops then, blinking at Haruna, who scowls back at him, large, expressive eyes narrowed and the mouth that usually traces such a pleasing, obnoxious curve pressed into an ugly line.



“Fuck.” Abe stands up straight, steps away, scrubbing his hands back through his hair, his stomach somehow simultaneously dropping and filling with tingling delight, walks over to look, unseeing, out the window.



Haruna stands, closes the distance between them, reaches for his arm, starting, “Look, I’m 

sorry

, if you—”



“Don't. Don’t…

touch

 me.” Abe finds himself staring at the hand still on his arm, in firm defiance of his demand, stares at the (

oh fuck, gorgeous

) boy in front of him, and then, as though his body belonged to somebody else, somebody who knew better than he did what he wanted, what he’d been aching for for such a long time, shifts to grab Haruna’s arms, propelling him back against the wall beside the window and crushing their lips together.



It’s 

nothing

 like it was with Shinooka, it makes it look like a pale, distant moon in comparison to the heat and crushing fury of his desire. Haruna struggles out of his grip and grabs his ass, pulling him tight against his body, and it just feels 

right

, he feels pulled to touch in a way that he never did with her, feels a need to see Haruna’s body naked, but is helpless to do anything more than kiss, kiss, and kiss some more. His lips splits open on someone’s teeth, and they both taste copper-thick-red and Haruna laughs and cups his cheek and kisses his lip tenderly and then bites it and so Abe pulls his hair and it just makes Haruna laugh all the more except that it turns into a moan, his hips jerking and Abe can feel his hard-on through his pants and it awakens in him fresh fire, even more desperate need than he had thought possible.



He’s
s been extra grumpy around lately.

Perplexed, and worried he might've misled Mihashi, Mizutani finds himself spying on them, now.

Grumpy is...perhaps not quite the right word, more that Abe seems…tense around Mihashi in a way that he didn't used to, for all that they’re both so obviously champing at the bit to be a battery again. He doesn't get rough with him like he used to, but…he doesn't touch him nicely that often, either. And when he does, sometimes he'll shoot a guilty look at the rest of the boys and jerk away. If Mihashi steps towards him, he steps back, interposing benches and walls and papers between them whenever possible. And although before, he seemed to do nothing but monitor Mihashi’s every move, now, if they’re not actually talking, Abe seems to pointedly ignore him.

And Mizutani can see that Mihashi’s noticed too, can see it in the set of his narrow shoulders as he watches Abe from the bullpen with Tajima, in the hopeful look on his face when Abe comes closer only to fall into misery when Abe’s eyes slide off him, when he says something perfunctory and moves on.

It's all very strange, a bit beyond Mizutani's capacity to puzzle out. But really, as much as he doesn’t like seeing Mihashi sad, it’s none of his business. The other boys in class nine have probably got it covered anyways. So he goes back to deliciously lamenting his own situation.

When he examines the facts, Abe doesn't exactly show conclusive signs of having a crush on Shinooka, but at the same time he doesn't not, and he doesn't particularly seem interested in any other girls. And Mizutani’s certain Shinooka’s the cleverest and prettiest and sweetest and just generally most awesome girl ever, so why wouldn’t Abe have a crush on her? Besides, she’s into baseball, and Mizutani’s pretty confident that that’s probably the number one requirement on Abe’s list. Followed by, apparently, ‘nice skin’, which Shinooka also has.

The imminent couple-hood of Abe Takaya and Shinooka Chiyo seems a foregone conclusion. Mizutani has horrifying visions of attending their wedding. Except then he gets distracted thinking about whether Shinooka would look cuter in a traditional wedding kimono or a Western-style gown and gets all flustered. Then imagines a bunch of yakuza busting into the (garden? church? local community centre?) because Abe had turned to a Life of Crime to pay for the lavish wedding. But—the horror!—he’d gotten on the Wrong Side of the boss and now—BANG!—shot dead! And everyone yelling and Shinooka sobbing (but beautifully), but then Mizutani (who would, of course, somehow have a gun, probably due to being an undercover cop or something cool like that) protecting her in a particularly dashing way and Shinooka clinging to his side (now she has a gun, too) in an artistically torn wedding gown as they shoot their way out and then zoom off in a sleek sports car.

So perhaps it wouldn’t completely be the end of the world if they were getting married.

Mizutani shakes his head to clear it of such images as he squeezes out toothpaste onto his toothbrush. He looks back up to try out his best “cool undercover cop” face in the mirror. It just looks like his regular old goofy face, unfortunately; Mizutani prods his cheek disconsolately, then starts brushing his teeth. I bet ABE could look cool as a cop. Probably have a neat rugged scar, too. Really, he can’t feel surprised Shinooka would go for a guy like that; for all that he’s abrasive and bossy, Abe’s a good guy, he’s cool and smart, and, Mizutani supposes, pretty handsome. Can’t be helped, I guess. I’m gonna lose to a guy like that with ANY girl. Even MIHASHI’S practically in lo—

Mizutani stops with his toothbrush poking into his cheek, then slowly pulls it out, staring back at himself in the mirror, soapily murmuring, “No way.”

 

The second he’s watching for it, he’s pretty much certain he’s right. Mihashi’s tells aren’t quite the same as Shinooka’s or Mizutani's own, but they’re similar enough. And they seem so incredibly obvious that Mizutani’s left peering around wondering how nobody else notices the way Mihashi’s eyes follow Abe. How he flushes and fusses and chirps for more, more, more of Abe’s attention, especially now it’s so scarce. How he startles when Abe does touch him in a way that makes Mizutani think sympathetically of the brush of Shinooka’s fingers over his own.

He spends half a morning feeling even more envious of Abe, glaring sullenly at the back of his head in class, until the potential of the situation hits him. Mizutani’s left