6:30 am.

Adam stood, bumping shoulders with Ronan. “I can take you by Monmouth before we go to school. You can grab your uniform and backpack.”

“Sure,” Ronan said. He pointed at the plum. “I wouldn’t eat that, if I were you. Dream food can get weird.”

Adam arched an eyebrow. “Sounds like there’s a story there.” 

Ronan snorted. “Nothing too exciting, unless me giving myself food poisoning as a toddler gets you going.”

Had Ronan ever been a toddler? He must have been, he wasn’t a dream come to life. Were there pictures, did Aurora have any? Some of Adam’s thoughts must have shown on Adam’s face, because Ronan arched an eyebrow back at him and said, “What?”

“I can’t picture you throwing up due to anything but a hangover,” Adam said, because he didn’t know how Ronan would react to Adam wanting to know more about his childhood. That seemed dangerous, uncharted territory. 

Ronan laughed. The sound was sleepy still, softened by the morning. Adam wanted to kiss him, but he wanted to shower and brush his teeth first. And he had fruit in his hand.

He set the plum carefully on top of his dresser. “I should hit the shower,” he said. For one wild moment he thought about asking Ronan to join him, but christ, no, they should at least have sex first. And great, now he was thinking about Ronan and sex again. If he jerked off quickly enough in the shower, maybe Ronan wouldn’t suspect anything. 

“We both should, we went swimming in a muddy lake yesterday,” Ronan said, and Adam blinked. With everything that had happened after, he had almost forgotten the drowning and his attempt at magic that had failed so spectacularly.

Later. He would have to think about that later, analyze it and compare notes with Ronan’s account and figure out what he could do better next time. There had to be a next time: Adam was more sure than ever now that the only path back to Ronan’s memories went through Cabeswater.

He found himself glancing at the plum, his gaze pulled involuntarily. He wanted Ronan to remember. He wished that some of his reasons for wanting weren’t so selfish.

“Are you going first, or should I?” Ronan said, and right, shower. Adam shook his head to clear it and headed to the bathroom. 

***

Adam didn’t see Ronan outside of Latin class or away from Gansey. After school, he had a shift at the garage. Toward the end of it, his phone buzzed with a text. 


you gonna be awake enough for me to come over later?


It was stupid to lie to himself about how it thrilled him, so Adam didn’t. Ever since Ronan’s injury, Adam had been the one always making the first move, putting himself out there to Ronan and waiting to be rebuffed or accepted. But now Ronan was actually texting him first. Things were changing.

But unfortunately Adam still knew himself and his schedule and what he needed. Not awake enough for anything fun. I don’t get off until 10 and I have at least 2 hours of homework. Not the kind of homework that he could get done while Ronan was there bugging him, either. But Adam didn’t need to point that out, because Ronan wasn’t used to that routine anymore, they hadn’t done it since his injury.

After re-reading what he sent, Adam sent another text that said Sorry. Maybe tomorrow after school?


sure. I told gansey what happened.


Adam typed something then deleted it, typed something else and deleted that too. He was sweating--he was working, of course he was sweating, but the trickle by his eyebrow felt specific. Finally he decided on, About the spell in cabeswater or about making out?

At least the reply was immediate; Ronan didn’t give Adam time to anxiously work himself up. both

All right. So Gansey knew, so Ronan had told him. Annoyance made itself known in Adam’s stomach like a swallowed cherry pit, and there was hurt there, too. Mostly, Adam realized, because he suspected that before the amnesia, Ronan would have asked Adam if it was okay first before mentioning anything to Gansey.

But it wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t have to be a big deal, Adam told himself. What did he say?


he was surprised you swung that way. i guess he already knew i did. and he was worried about you almost drowning.


Adam fought the urge to ask if Gansey had seemed hurt, at not knowing that Adam liked men--not knowing that Adam liked Ronan. He could ask Gansey himself. Would ask Gansey himself, as soon as he found the courage. He didn’t want to talk about Gansey anymore now, not with Ronan via text. We can try the spell again. I can figure out what I did
Adam has been a light sleeper ever since he sacrificed himself for Cabeswater. It’s as if the forest needs him always just on the edge of consciousness, never tipping over into a truly deep sleep. He gets woken up by the screech of birds in the morning, yowling cats at night, and tonight it’s the sound of a car pulling up outside, techno music from the car stereo suddenly ending as the engine cuts off.

Adam somehow knows exactly who it is even as he’s pulled from sleep. He walks to his living room window, feeling peculiarly wide awake and exhausted at the same time, and sees the BMW parked outside with Ronan still in the driver’s seat.

“I didn’t come here to see you,” Ronan says as Adam approaches. He jerks his chin in the direction of the church. Adam comes up to the driver’s side window, already rolled down, and leans his elbows on the car door. Adam can see a six-pack on the seat next to Ronan.

“I don’t know how you can go to church every Sunday and then also come here to drink,” Adam says. “Seems blasphemous.”

Ronan scoffs. “Shows what you know about Catholicism.”

This close, Adam can feel Ronan’s breath brush his cheek when he speaks. Adam looks at the way Ronan can barely hold his gaze, his eyes fidgety and shy, and knows that Ronan has told, if not a lie, then a half-truth: he may have come here to drink in the chapel, but he was hoping Adam would show up.

“Why don’t you drink in my place instead?” 

Adam only catches the hitch in Ronan’s breath because he’s listening for it. Ronan doesn’t look at him when he nods.

Ronan offers Adam a beer, which Adam declines and then regrets slightly, because it would be nice to have something in his hands to focus on. They sit on the floor in silence because Adam doesn’t have a couch, and Adam drums his fingers on the floor while Ronan switches between pointedly looking at him and pointedly not-looking at him.

It’s the middle of the night, the whole world quiet outside of his living room, and maybe it’s that that gives Adam the courage to finally address this thing between them.

“Ronan,” he says, and Ronan coughs and meets his eyes, looking as nervous as he’s ever capable of looking.

Adam doesn’t know why he says it, but what comes out of his mouth is, “Keep breathing.” 

A confused frown line forms between Ronan’s eyebrows, but he gives a slight nod. Adam watches the slow, even in and out of his chest as Adam moves closer to him, then leans forward.

Ronan is still breathing when Adam presses a kiss to his lips. He doesn’t move until Adam curls a hand around the back of his neck. Then he bends his head, making the angle better for the next kiss.

“How long have you wanted this,” Adam asks without moving back, his lips brushing Ronan’s cheek when he speaks.

“Since I stopped being jealous,” Ronan says, and the honesty of the answer sends a warm thrill down to Adam’s gut. 

“Good,” he says, and this time Ronan opens his mouth to the kiss. Adam tastes beer and something that reminds him of moss, of Cabeswater. 

Adam doesn’t know what time it is. Ronan is breathing into his mouth, and there’s moonlight pouring into his living room windows, and they’ve left the church empty for now. The kiss resolves something that’s been making his chest itch with confusion and want for months now, and even if it’s going to make his shift at the trailer factory terrible in the morning, Adam is glad he woke up for this.
Her face broke into a smile, her teeth shining bright in the cozy dim lighting of the room. “I agree. It is nice.”

“Are there any other traditions that you’re going to try to rope me into?” Ichabod said as he pushed his needle through a cranberry, sliding it down onto the thread.

“Well,” Abbie said, drawing out the word with a sly smile on his face. “There is mistletoe. Did they have that back in your day?”

“I am unfamiliar with what a hemiparasitic plant could possibly have to do with this holiday,” Ichabod said, stiff in response to her teasing.

“Hemipara--never mind,” Abbie said. “The point of mistletoe is that, during the holidays, you hang it from the rafters and then if two people meet under the mistletoe, they have to kiss.”

Ichabod swallowed. “Oh,” he said in a small voice. Unable to help himself, he asked, “And you would have me put this mistletoe up--in here?”

“Yeah, you never know, if you caught Katrina under it it could help get you guys back together,” Abbie said, and Ichabod deflated somewhat. Of course she would only be thinking of his marriage, and not the two of them kissing. He had been ridiculous to think otherwise.

“I’m not sure that even mistletoe could save our marriage,” Ichabod said, feeling low. When he thought of kissing his wife under the mistletoe, it wasn’t a happy thought; he imagined her turning away from him, wanting to speak only of the redeemability of her beloved horseman. 

“That bad, huh?” The look Abbie was giving him was unreadable. Ichabod knew that she was not a great supporter of Katrina’s, and he wondered if Abbie secretly rooted for the dissolution of their marriage.

He halfway-hoped that she did. 

“Does the fact that we’re living separately not adequately express that the relationship is troubled?” Ichabod said. “Even if she were to convince me that she harbors no feelings for the horseman, I am not sure we could ever go back to the way we were when we first married. I don’t know that I feel that way for her any longer.”

“You’re not in love with her anymore?” Abbie now bent her head over her garland, her hair falling to obscure her face so that Ichabod couldn’t see her expression, had no idea how she might feel about her question’s answer.

Ichabod took his time before answering. It was a serious question, and one he had asked himself many times over the last several weeks without being able to give a clear answer. But now, sitting beside someone for whom his feelings were waxing rather than waning, it seemed clear. 

“No,” he said slowly. “No, I don’t believe I am.”

“Is that so.” Abbie looked up, and he saw that there was an uncharacteristic vulnerability in her eyes. Something electric seemed to pass between them, echoing the force that Ichabod had felt when he first met her, when he was convinced that they were meant to be witnesses together.

“Truthfully,” Ichabod said, his heart beating fast at his own recklessness. “There is someone else I’d rather kiss under the mistletoe.”

Abbie held his gaze, not looking away. “Really,” she said, the word drawn out, heavy with skepticism. 

“Really,” Ichabod said. Carefully, slowly, working to telegraph his movements so that she could turn him away if she chose to, he stretched forward to cup her cheek in his palm. When Abbie didn’t move, he leaned forward and kissed her. His heart hammered in his chest and he couldn’t help but remember his dream, when she’d melted into his arms.

Just as he had in his dreams, he was ignoring his marriage vows. But Katrina didn’t want him, and he couldn’t ignore the love he felt for Abbie. He’d gone to purgatory for her, and he’d do it again. Damn his vows.

Abbie stayed still, her lips warm against his own, for a beat or two before she leaned back. But she didn’t move very far and she didn’t push his hand off her cheek.

“Ichabod,” she said softly, and he shivered at the unusual pleasure of hearing her say his first name. “What are we doing?”

“Do you want this?” he asked, his voice just as soft. “If you don’t, I’ll stop, and we shall never speak of it again.”

“Of course I want this,” she said immediately, and he was heartened by the speed of her answer. “But Katrina--I mean, you said it, you guys are separated. But are you sure that this is the way?”

Ichabod wasn’t sure. He hadn’t intended to do this when he’d woken up this morning. But the reality of Abbie, her smile and her voice and her closeness, had
No,” he said, and Shinkai’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “I don’t want any of this gentle bullshit. It would be better if you hit me again.”

Shinkai’s mouth fell open in surprise. “Seriously?”

“Seriously. What, you think I’m joking?” Arakita shoved Shinkai, hard, so that he slammed back against the door to Arakita’s room. “What do I need to do to get you mad enough to lash out again?”

“I’m not going to fall for that again, Yasutomo,” Shinkai said, but Arakita could see a flash of that old demon gleam in his eyes. 

“Then hit me just because you like me,” Arakita said. “Isn’t it enough to know that I want it?” 

That seemed to give Shinkai pause. “You really want me to?”

“Yes, idiot, why do you think I’m asking?” Arakita was annoyed, but simultaneously flooded with affection for his slow-on-the-uptake teammate. He pulled Shinkai forward and kissed him roughly, the polar opposite of the kiss Shinkai had given him earlier, using his teeth on Shinkai’s beautiful lips. Shinkai gave him a pretty little moan.

“All right,” Shinkai said when Arakita let him go. “If you want me to--”

 

“How many times do you want me to say yes? Should I try it in a different language?” Arakita said. He took a step backward and presented his cheek, daring Shinkai with his glare. 

For several long seconds nothing happened, and Arakita was about to kick Shinkai out of his room when Shinkai spoke.

“Not here. Not like this,” Shinkai said, and his teeth flashed in the dim light of the room when he grinned. “Let’s go outside and race.”

“What the fuck does that have to do with--” Arakita started to say, and then it clicked. “You want to become the demon again?”

“I don’t think I could do it any other way. I like you too much,” Shinkai said, shrugging. Arakita felt his breath catch in his throat. Shinkai said it so blithely, as if his liking was barely something that needed to be commented upon. To his horror, Arakita felt his cheeks grow warm.

“Idiot,” he said, turning around to grab his jacket and hiding his blush from Shinkai. “Fine then. We’ll race, even though it’s late and Fukutomi would be pissed off.”

“Thank you,” Shinkai said, voice mild as he followed Arakita out of his room. They walked together, Shinkai just close enough to make Arakita uncomfortable. Arakita remembered that kiss. Even after jerking off to the bruise Shinkai had left on him, it still felt surprising to actually be kissing Shinkai. In Arakita’s mind, getting hit and kissing weren’t connected, but he supposed that maybe they could be.  

The light was dying outside, but neither of them were going to let that prevent them from cycling. They got on their bikes and Arakita let Shinkai pull for him, watching the smooth pumping motion of Shinkai’s thighs as they maneuvered out onto the track. Then they started going in earnest and Arakita moved up to bike beside Shinkai, matching his speed. He glanced over at Shinkai and gave him a grin.  

“Let’s see you be the demon again,” Arakita said. He reached out to put a hand on Shinkai’s back, just above the curve of his ass, the same way Fukutomi did when he wanted to spur Shinkai on ahead. Arakita pushed, and Shinkai stood up on his pedals as he accelerated.

Arakita matched Shinkai’s pace, yelling just for the fuck of it as his legs sped to catch Shinkai. They raced with abandon, Arakita’s lungs burning as he pushed himself until he was finally able to get in the lead. Arakita stood up on his pedals, straining to solidify his lead, and behind him he heard Shinkai grunt. When he looked over his shoulder, Shinkai’s eyes were glowing and his tongue was lolling out of his head, his breath coming in harsh pants.

This was what Arakita had been looking for. As hard as Arakita was pushing himself, Shinkai still caught up. They were shoulder to shoulder now, and if Arakita leaned to the right their arms would touch. Arakita could almost feel Shinkai’s hot breath. When he risked a glance over, Shinkai looked utterly wild, a guttural sound was emanating from his throat and his tongue was an inhuman thing. The muscles of his shoulders were bunched and taut and his legs moved up and down relentlessly. He looked like someone who’d be more than willing and able to throw a punch.

Acting on an impulse, Arakita threw himself sideways, his bike clattering into Shinkai’s. Together they went down in a painful tumble of bikes and flesh. When Arakita managed to extricate himself from under his bike but was still on his hands and knees, Shinkai was right there, and his neck snapped back as Shinkai’s fist connected
ve been saying about you. I don’t remember this, but iwa-chan says that when i arrived home last night, i was ranting about that awful old man who was hitting on you. then i said that i liked your tongue, and that i was going to beat you at volleyball, and then i passed out on the floor. mean iwa-chan let me sleep there all night instead of tucking me into bed. I hope you’re laughing at this, someone should get entertainment out of it at least.

Ushijima was laughing, at least a bit. He could picture Oikawa drunkenly declaring that he was going to beat Ushijima, even though they were on the same team now, and it was funny to find that Oikawa was as verbose over text as he was in person. Also, hearing that Oikawa liked his tongue, even if that was just something he’d said while drunk, made Ushijima feel warm all over.


then this morning, i told iwa-chan it was your fault i was so sick. he is smart enough not to believe this, but he texted you about it anyway because he cares about my virtue. i didn’t tell him about all that kissing we did. i didn’t want him to yell at me for making bad decisions.


And just like that, the warm feeling was gone. Ushijima had been trying to avoid becoming a bad decision, and realizing that he’d failed was a huge disappointment. He started composing a reply, some kind of formal apology along with a promise that it would never happen again, but before he could hit send he got another long text from Oikawa.


you know all about my worthless pride, so you can probably imagine how much i hate apologizing, especially to you. but still, even i can recognize when i’ve behaved so horribly. i never should have propositioned you like that, and i especially should not have grabbed you like i did without your express permission. i’m very sorry.


Ushijima was certain that this was the first time either of them had ever apologized to the other. He felt slightly like he was out of his body, like he was an outsider watching himself stare down at the cell phone in his hand. The words swam in his vision.

He needed to respond, and he needed to do it quickly, so that Oikawa did not think he didn’t care. Ushijima typed out the first words that came to  mind, which were, Thank you. I appreciate the apology.

He hit send, and then realized it was not enough. He added, We were both very drunk last night, and I don’t blame you for anything. You don’t need to worry about the proposition. He typed out, I only said no because we were both drunk, but he was too cowardly to actually send that part, so he deleted it and just sent the rest.

He was very glad to hear Oikawa apologize, even if the crotch-grabbing wasn’t the part that had been hurtful, had in fact been welcome in and of itself. It was just a relief to experience Oikawa being decent to him, to finally feel like he was getting to see the Oikawa that inspired such loyalty in people. 

It was such a relief that Ushijima was reluctant to keep discussing the issue. But Oikawa had been honest with him, really a lot more honest than he’d had to be, and it made Ushijima want to be honest with him in return. So without waiting for a reply, Ushijima texted, But I was taken aback when you told me to fuck off after I said no.

He waited with his breath held, then forced himself to breathe when that became uncomfortable. It was risky, sending that text. It was perhaps stirring the waters unnecessarily, after Oikawa had graciously extended him an olive branch. Ushijima was being foolish and greedy, was hoping for too much, when he ought to be satisfied with Oikawa simply treating Ushijima like a person (maybe even a friend) who deserved a basic apology after experiencing rude behavior.

Finally his phone vibrated with Oikawa’s response. oh, that. i was hoping you’d forgotten that part! i’m not proud. i usually handle it much better when someone rejects me.

It was obvious that Oikawa was not finished, that another reply would be forthcoming, but Ushijima didn’t wait for it before hurriedly typing out what he felt like he had to say immediately. He couldn’t let Oikawa sit there with this wrong idea he’d gotten for one more second. He was in so much of a hurry that he didn’t bother to fix his typoes or add punctuation. I didn’t meanto reject you adn I wouldn’t have if we were sober

His phone was silent after that, ominously. Ushijima groaned loud and fell back onto his mattress, rubbing his hands over his face. He felt like he was a character in a bad melodrama. It felt awful.

His phone buzzed again before he could berate himself further. good to know!

Ushijima considered throwing
a line down your jaw and fuck, he seems so damn smooth and sure of himself, has he done this before? You kind of want to ask if he’s done this before, but you don’t want to interrupt him so you keep your fucking mouth shut. He’s sucking on your neck now and that’s definitely going to leave a mark, but you find that you don’t mind--you kind of like the idea of everyone knowing that you’re his matesprit, although you don’t know if Dave would also like that. He’s kind of weirdly private. You suppose you can be, too, but only about your blood color.

You shift, and holy shit, is that his bulge that you’re feeling through his pants? It’s not moving, which is weird, but it’s hard where the rest of him is soft. If you can feel his, that means he can probably feel yours, too. You shift again, and he makes a little grunt against your neck. His hips press up into yours and yep, that is definitely his bulge. It’s a little uncomfortable and a lot exciting to grind against him like this; you’re not sure how far you want to take it. 

He draws back up to kiss your lips again, softer this time, like maybe he’s running out of steam. It hasn’t escaped your attention that neither of you have moved your hands. His are still set chastely on your hips and you haven’t touched him anywhere below the shoulders. Maybe you’re both just too nervous. It’s kind of a lot, to go from best bros to matesprits like this, and you would never admit this out loud to Dave, but you kind of want your first time to be special.

Maybe he feels the same way, because after giving you a few more sweet kisses he pulls back, resting his forehead against yours. He’s panting a little bit, and so are you. Both of your hips have stopped moving.

“Damn,” he says. “That sure was, um. A lot, right?” 

“Yeah,” you say, and wow, is that really your voice? It sounds breathy and high and completely unlike yourself. You swallow and try to speak normally. “When you said you wanted to be my human boyfriend, I guess you weren’t kidding.”

Dave laughs, and rakes his hands up your back. You can barely feel his stubby human nails through the fabric of your shirt. “I really wasn’t. I wouldn’t kid around with something like that, man.” He kisses you again, just a soft peck, and you smile. 

“Good. I’d have to do something unspeakable to your bulge if you had been.” Shit, maybe you shouldn’t have mentioned his bulge. You shift your hips back so that you’re situated more on his thighs than directly in his lap.

Dave laughs. “I mean, I want you to do unspeakable things to my bulge,” he says, and fuck everything but you blush at that, you hate yourself. “Although I don’t have one of those, by the way. If you’re going to be getting all friendly with human anatomy, you should know what it’s called.”

You snort and roll your eyes, trying to save face. “Why don’t you illuminate me then, fuckhead?”

“Don’t call me names after we’ve just made out, that’s rude,” Dave says, and actually reaches up to tap your nose, like he’s chastising a woofbeast or something. You rear back snarling and open your mouth to let him have it, but he’s already talking over you. “Human male junk is called a dick or a cock or a boner, or a penis if you want to get all technical about it. ‘Penis’ is sort of an inherently hilarious word though, so I tend to stick with the other words.”

You vaguely remember hearing him mention dicks and cocks before, usually in the context of when he’s drawing them. You want to ask for more details, mainly like what it looks like, but that’s going back into territory that you’re not sure you want to explore right now. “Why do you need so many words for it?”

Dave waves a hand. “That’s a linguistic question for the ages. There aren’t as many words for female anatomy, at least not ones that are as fun to say. I think it’s probably because humanity has been phallus-obsessed for like, thousands of years.”

“Your species is so weird.” 

“What can I say, that’s humans for you.” 

You lapse into silence. His hands are idly rubbing at your back, like he might not even realize he’s doing it. It feels nice, though. Your hands are still on his shoulders and you run your hands over his cape,
carried home after two drinks. Then Mayuzumi challenged him to a drinking competition and not only did he win, but Hitomi threw up on Mayuzumi’s shoes. There, it’s all yours, I entirely cede my own right to use this story when charming people. You need it more than i do.”

“That’s a disgusting story,” Ushijima says. Oikawa throws his hands in the air at Ushijima’s hopelessness, but Ushijima is still speaking. “How did you know I grew up on a farm?”

“I--” Oikawa frowns. When had he learned that? He doesn’t have a specific memory of hearing about it, it just feels like something he’s always known. “I don’t know. Does it matter? I’m sure you’ve picked up facts about my life, too. We have known each other since we were twelve.”

Oikawa feels the impact of his own words only after they’ve left his mouth. He’s never thought of Ushijima as someone who actually knows him, but it’s true that they’ve been acquainted with each other for seven years, even if they’d been opponents for almost that whole time. The only other person who’s been an active part of his life since junior high is Iwaizumi. 

Maybe that counts for more than Oikawa had realized.

Ushijima’s eyes widen slightly, like Oikawa’s just given him the same realization. His hand falls to the ground beside his knee to fiddle with a piece of grass, his fingers running over the plant’s edge without pulling it from the ground. It has to be a nervous gesture, which Oikawa can hardly believe. Not once, in all the time they’ve known each other, has he ever succeeded in making Ushijima feel nervous, and right now he’s not even trying.

Oikawa looks back at the trees, laughing a little. He doesn’t know what to make of this whole bizarre conversation; it’s no longer raining, and he doesn’t know when it stopped. “I don’t like thinking about it either, how long we’ve been stuck with each other. It’s annoying.”

Ushijima laughs too, and it sounds almost sad. Oikawa gets the distinct feeling that he’s not laughing for the same reason Oikawa was. “Annoying is not the word I would have chosen.”

Much to Oikawa’s mortification, his cheeks start to grow warm. He will not let himself ask Ushijima what words he would use to describe what they’ve been to each other. Oikawa will not ask, because he does not care. 

His concentration on not asking means that things go quiet again. This time it’s Ushijima who breaks the silence. 

“I also said some things I regret, during that conversation. I should not have lost my temper like I did.”

Oikawa stiffens. He doesn’t know if he’s ready to hear Ushijima try to apologize for telling Oikawa that all his opportunities to beat him were in the past. 

“It’s fine,” Oikawa says, sharp. “We don’t need to talk about it. What I said to you was worse, anyway.”

“Still,” Ushijima says. “Oikawa, look at me.”

How like Ushijima, giving Oikawa a command like that. Oikawa looks, and sees Ushijima’s intent stare, his expression displaying a particular kind of earnestness that Oikawa hasn’t seen on his face before.

“Iwaizumi is a talented player. If there were two open spots for starting spikers, I would be happy to play beside him. I want to play beside him. He and I are on the same team, as are you, and if it were up to me we would all be playing together.”

Oikawa feels like all the breath has been stolen from his lungs. This is not, at all, what he had expected Ushijima to say. Not what he thought Ushijima might feel guilty about. He wants to point out how vicious Ushijima had been while competing against Iwaizumi these past few weeks, wants to remind Ushijima of the times he implied that he thought Iwaizumi was beneath him. Instead, the part of Oikawa’s brain that likes to get him into trouble is answering for him, saying in a sly voice, “Are you sure? You wouldn’t be jealous, if I were tossing to both of you?”

Oikawa wishes he could make out more of Ushijima’s expression. He doesn’t look away or dodge the question. “Maybe I would be. It’s hard to say.” 

Oikawa shakes his head. “It’s just a toss. Nothing to be jealous over.”

“It’s--” Oikawa listens, almost in awe, as Ushijima takes in a shaky breath, as stops himself from saying whatever he’d been about to say. Oikawa is intensely curious--no, curious is not the right word. He feels hungry. He wants to know what Ushijima isn’t saying.

“It’s more than that,” Ushijima finishes