It only escalated from there.  Mika let Atsuto have his way and it amused to see how easily the man trust a scrawny kid like Mika once he gave his body away.  Yes, he was sore in places afterwards but it was not as nearly as painful nor strenuous as he had previously thought.  It was fun but not in the conventional way.  He enjoyed watching the Atsuto’s defenses fall away as he fucked into Mika with wild abandon.   He was fascinated by the blind trust that he earned after such a trivial matter. 

 

Mika still came over to Atsuto’s place after that.  An unspoken understanding existed between them: if Mika stayed until after midnight, they would fuck and Mika usually learned a new trick or two.  If Mika didn’t stay that long, Atsuto still let Mika do whatever in his home, even going as far as watching Mika jerk off when he was too busy with work to actually have sex with Mika.

But he was not the only one Mika was seeing.

He managed to sweet-talk a girl going to the local college to take him home one night.  She had put up a good fight, adamantly lecturing Mika about good behaviour before she gave into her lust and agreed to a one-off.  It would take Mika a few more hook-ups with women before he decided that he did not enjoy sex with women as much as he basked in the different sort of intimacy he could share with men.

There was a man by whom he let himself be picked up at the local ‘gay district’.  For a salary man clad in designer suit, he was submissive and weak-willed, willing to let a kid boss him around for the night.

That one was more than willing to spoil Mika in exchange for frequent sex.  ‘It’s not like prostituting’, he would tell Mika.  He was simply gifting Mika because he thought Mika was beautiful and definitely wise beyond his years.  Mika would laugh and ask him, ‘wise in what ways?’  It served as a cue for Mika to throw the man down to the nearest flat surface and fuck him senseless.

There were many others who were not memorable enough for Mika to recall the specifics.  He felt more alive at night when he could throw away his pretense of being the good kid and be as diabolical and unchildish as he desired.  It did not take long for him to figure out exactly how to draw in those older men who were hungry for something different, someone young but skilled in ways they did not even dare dream of.  It was pathetically easy to snare them in and enthral them, in a sense. 

But he always returned to Atsuto.  He found a sense of comfort with Atsuto and the feeling seemed to be somewhat requited. 

 

 

-

 

 

Mika was sixteen when he seizes his first chance at doing something to change the fucked up world.

He was waiting for a train on his way home from school when he noticed that one of the screens is showing a news channel.  On the screen was a man who had been released from prison after a minimal sentence.  The news reporter proceeded to reveal that the man was a repeat sex offender and would be staying under house arrest for the next ten days before he was fully released into the society.

To hell with that.

A million different ideas and plans sprang into Mika’s head.  As he stepped onto the next train, he started to narrow down the ideas and plans to ones he knew that he could carry out.  The offender’s information should be easy to track down especially with the loopholes and hidden pathways that existed on the internet.  The man’s face had been shown for a few seconds, which meant that Mika would be able to identify the man in person.

For the next few days, Mika gathered all of the information that he can on the released offender.  He learnt that the guy was ordered to live in a town next to where Mika lived and the exact date of the end of his house arrest.  He had to go walk around the neighbourhood for a couple hours to see which house the man lived in.  He made sure to make a brief eye contact with the man as they passed each other.

Once the man was no longer bound to his house, Mika made a point to wander around the neighbourhood.  They bumped into each other on Mika’s second day of doing that and all it took for Mika to be invited in was a shy smile and whispered words of open invitation.

He set to work as soon as he got inside the house.  The man was easy to manipulate, shedding his clothes as soon as Mika acted all horny and took his hoodie off.  He let the man play with his body for a little while since he had at least fifty pounds on him.  It was not like he hated the sex that followed soon after, far from it.  He was elated from the thought of killing the sick bastard as soon as he was too lost in the bodily pleasures.

And when Mika could tell that the bastard was about to come, he took out a small pocket knife from his shirt pocket and drove it into the bastard
in Kumamoto,” Guren mutters. He tugs at Shinya’s yukata sleeve until half of Shinya’ chest is bared. “I thought the trip might be less boring if I invited you along.”

“I like it when you’re being honest,” Shinya comments. He shakes his arms free of the yukata, still refusing to get on the futon with Guren.   He looses the front of his yukata and lets it fall to the floor as well. Guren arches an eyebrow when he sees that Shinya is completely nude wihtout the yukata.

Guren sits up straight and tugs at Shinya’s hand again. “Stop dilly-dallying and get in here already! I told you that I have to get up early tomorrow.”

“But it’s such a waste to not get in the hot spring outside.” Shinya pouts. “What’s the point of booking the most expensive room if you’re not going to do anything but sleep in it?”

Without waiting for Guren’s reply, Shinya saunters over to the doors and sits on the hardwood-floored deck with one of his knee drawn up. “C’mon, Guren. You can’t go to a hot springs ryokan and not take a dip. That’s just a waste of money and time.”

Guren groans as he rolls out of the futon. He doesn’t stand up; rather, he crawls towards Shinya on his hands and knees. “This requires too much effort,” Guren grouses. He stretches his arms out. “If you want us to soak in there together so badly, you can take my clothes off for me.”

Shinya chuckles. “You are so lazy. I don’t know how I put up with you.” Nonetheless, Shinya takes Guren’s yukata for him along with his underwear. “Do I need to carry you into the spring as well?”

Guren’s cheeks turn pink. “No!” he refuses. Shinya giggles as he caresses the pinked cheeks with his thumbs. Guren turns his face as Shinya leans in to kiss his cheek.

“Great. Now you choose to play hard to get,” Shinya mutters. “What do I have to do around here to enjoy a hot spring to the fullest?”

Shinya moves to stand up, only to find himself pulled back downwards onto Guren’s lap. “Fullest, you say?” Guren whispers into Shinya’s ear. He kisses the back of Shinya’s ear and makes his way towards Shinya’s shoulder blades.

“Mm-hmm,” Shinya hums. He twists out of Guren’s half-assed hug. He sashays to the hot spring and climbs in slowly. Once he is settled in, Shinya cranes his neck around to gaze straight into Guren’s eyes and taunt, “You coming in?”

Guren grins as he stands up. Instead of replying, he gets inside the spring and seats himself next to Shinya. Shinya plays along when Guren grips his waist, letting Guren lift him up into Guren’s lap. Shinya turns around and grinds down to Guren’s mostly soft cock.

“You really are the worst,” Shinya says, voice sotto voce as his lips brush along Guren’s jawline.

“And you love me for it,” Guren counters. He moves one hand to hold their cocks together.

“We’ll see.”

 

 

-

 

 

When Mika shows up at Yuu’s doorstep after reporting to his father, he is greeted by a shirtless and rosy-cheeked Yuu.

“Good evening,” Mika greets. He holds up a bottle of sake he took from his father’s liquor stash. (In his defense, his father doesn’t mind it when he takes a bottle or two from it occasionally). “I, uh, didn’t want to turn up empty-handed.”

Yuu’s cheeks turn even redder. “Thanks.” He takes the bottle from Mika’s hand. When their fingers brush, static electricity passes between them, causing them to jump away from each other as they mumble ‘sorry’ at the same time.

“Ah, come in,” Yuu instructs. Mika realises that he’s been standing at the entrance like an idiot. He nods and complies.

Yuu’s apartment isn’t what Mika is used to: it’s on the smaller side and it’s obvious that it’s been occupied by several different tenants. Mika still finds it cozy, similar to how he felt at Yuu’s tattoo parlour. Mika follows Yuu as he leads Mika to the kitchenette and places the sake on a small dinner table.

“Want something to drink?” Yuu offers.

“Not really,” Mika replies. Mika can’t help but stare at Yuu’s lips as he licks them. “Let’s not beat around the bush,” he utters as he strides forward and kisses Yuu squarely on the lips. He smiles when Yuu grips the back of his head tilts Mika’s head more to Mika’s right, the other hand going to cup Mika’s ass.

Yuu is the one to break their kiss when the need
but Noiz sees right through him.

“Order whatever looks good, I don’t care how expensive it is,” he comments as he looks up the even more expensive end of the spectrum. “Like I said, my family entrusts me with the company and I make more than I can spend anyway.”

In the end, they order some exotic foods that Aoba can’t name. They taste good, of course, and over the duration of their date, Aoba relaxes into the atmosphere. The soft jazz playing in the background and the wine that they’ve been drinking really is soothing and Aoba finds himself comfortable enough to share more details about himself with Noiz.

“Your hair is so pretty though,” Noiz compliments when Aoba mentions being mistaken as a girl when he was a kid. “I like it on you.”

Aoba blushes, hoping that he can pass it off as coming from the wine. “Let’s see how you like it when all the neighbourhood kids come round to tease you and pull on your hair because you look like a pretty little girl.”

“I’d punch them in the nose,” Noiz deadpans. “Show them I’m not something to be toyed with.”

Aoba thinks that just about sums up Noiz. Confident and quick to decide.

At the end of the date, Noiz walks him up to the front door and lingers.

“I had a lot of fun tonight,” he says, looking straight into Aoba’s eyes.

“Me too. We should do it again sometime. How long are you here for?”

“A month, at least. Depends on the progress we make. Good night then.”

Noiz darts in and presses his lips to Aoba’s for a split second. When he pulls back, he smirks and walks out the front gates. Aoba just stand there, stunned and red-faced, as his mind keeps replaying the scene.

 

 

 

-

 

 

 

More days and dates go by and Aoba knows that he has completely fallen for Noiz. Maybe it’s the way his pale green eyes grow warm at the sight of Aoba, or his carefree laughter that only Aoba can bring out. Or maybe, it’s just Noiz himself.

And it makes him scared.

In a short amount of time, Aoba has fallen deep and there isn’t a way for him to pull himself back up, at least none that he can see to use or make up.

He just wants to know if Noiz feels the same way about him.

And one evening, his Gran calls him down to talk to him.

“Aoba, I’m worried,” she says bluntly. “I can see so clearly that something is bothering you yet you haven’t spoken to me. Koujaku and Mizuki says that they haven’t heard you disclose anything to them either so please, if there’s anything you need to talk about I’m here for you.”

Aoba sighs. “I’m in love, Granny. And it scares me so much how much this person has changed my life.”

“Who is he?”

“Noiz. We met on the plane on the way back from Europe and we just clicked, you know? Then he found me here and we’ve been going out ever since. The thing is, I’m fallen completely yet I’ve no idea how he feels about me.”

Gran pulls him into a hug. “You should always follow your heart, Aoba. But at the same time, if you aren’t sure of where you’re head, you will stumble and fall even harder. Think about it real hard before you act on it.”

“Thanks, Granny. You’re the best,” Aoba says as he blinks back his tears.

“I’m always here, remember that.”

 

 

 

-

 

 

 

A couple days later, Aoba is in Noiz’s hotel room, both of their tops off and a light sheen of sweat covering their torsos.

“Noiz . . .” he moans when Noiz veers off his mouth and starts to suck on the side of his jaw.

“Yeah?”

“Don’t, nnngh, don’t tease.”

Noiz goes lower and flicks his tongue across an erect nipple. “But you look so gorgeous like this.”

“Haaa, please?” Aoba begs, all dignity gone.

“Mmm, no.”

He takes out a thing of lube and then pulls off Aoba’s trousers and boxers. He coats his fingers liberally with the slippery substance before he rubs at the pucker. Only when desperate, whiny noises escape past Aoba’s lips does he push in one finger.

Aoba’s never actually had sex with guys before but he has fingered himself once or twice. He arches into the touch and is soon asking for more. It feels nice to be pleasured this way, somewhat full and spikes of pleasure coursing up his spine every time Noiz’s fingertips touch his prostate.

“Noiz,” he gasps out at the particularly hard jab into his prostate. “Fuck me already!”

“You sure?” Noiz asks, eyes burning with lust and passion
elaborate shirt.  “She stayed in the back for the most of it.  I don’t think she means to kill me.” A silent ‘yet’ hangs in the space between them.

“I just wish to know why she is waging a pointless war,” Mika complains.  “We agreed on a treaty three centuries ago and we sacrificed a lot!  Does she even have a brain in her skull or is it empty like a goblet?”

Yuu chuckles.  “It is rare to see you so agitated, Your Majesty.”

Mika’s cheeks tint blue, and they grow colder.  Oh, the joy of having the magic and very essence of wintry nights running in his veins.  “Wars unravel even the most stone-hearted of the rulers.”

“Mm-hmm.  I was just pointing it out.  You don’t get this agitated in bed, which makes me wonder if you keep me around only for my pretty face.”

Yuu leans in and kisses Mika on his (undoubtedly silvery blue) lips.  Mika’s lips part automatically and he sighs as Yuu feels around with his tongue, teasing and pleasing Mika in the best of ways.  Even when they were younglings barely old enough to take physical form, there had been this fire that burnt between them; it was something that only they felt with each other.  Yuu always knew how to cheer Mika up no matter what situation brought Mika down.  Upon talking to his father Mika found out that the strangely familiar sensation signified a bond between a royal faery and his life mate, a link that only death can part.  Both he and Yuu were exhilarated by the revelation as it meant that the entire kingdom would celebrate their love, not question it.

And now, the very bond brought Mika anxiety and sorrow with each setting dawn.

Yuu nips on the front laces of Mika’s breeches.  Mika’s breaths fall past his lips a faster tempo.  Every time Yuu exhales, it feels as though the warmth of is caresses and surrounds the area between Mika’s thighs.  Yuu is probably using minor Olde Magick to play parlour tricks.  What a show off.  If Yuu’s parents had not been ambassadors from the South, of the Fey of Eternal Summer and Sun’s Blessings, Mika never would have learned how warm and inviting sun and summer can be.

“Take them off.”

Yuu tugs at the laces in a teasing manner.  “And?”

Mika smirks down at Yuu’s equally smirking face, face glowing with summery orange and pink.  “Put your mouth to good work, Yuu-yxion.”

The summer fey smirks.  “What if I told you that I didn’t wanna?”

The king shrugs.  “Then what else have you in your mind?”

Yuu circles his thumbs on the soft flesh on the inside of Mika’s thighs.  The warmth rekindles and almost tickles Mika as Yuu curls his fingers around Mika’s growing arousal.

“Wha-what are you doing?” Mika questions.

“You know exactly what,” Yuu answers, a smile gracing his lips.

Mika’s breath hitches in his throat.  Yuu’s hand traipses down further from his groin and towards his buttocks.  Yuu must have stopped imbuing his fingertips with the summer magick but the remnants remain and roam Mika’s inner thighs.  As Yuu’s fingers trail up and down the curve of Mika’s ass and the crack in-between, Yuu’s lips graze the soft skin between Mika’s shoulder blades.  With his free hand, Yuu caresses Mika’s chest, which is the best and the worst part of all of this.

“Yuu tends to try out new things every time we have time to indulge ourselves these days so yes, I would like to know what I am signing myself up for.”

Yuu stands up and turns Mika’s face gingerly to kiss the corner of his mouth, the centre of his lips, the bridge of his nose, on his forehead, and on his lips again.  “I am your k’hlyae before I am your subject.  Right now, when we have the chance to be together without the war council in the same space, I just want to love you.  two fey, one heart, no regal responsibilities.  Even if it is short periods of time in a world filled with tragedy, I want us to forget about the worldly matters when we can talk with each other face to face.”

It appears that Mika wants to say something; naturally, Yuu whirls Mika back around and hugs him tightly.  After what feels like blissful eternity, Yuu’s hands go up to cup Mika’s jawline and partially cover his ears.  Yuu touches their foreheads together and Mika feels his body calm down and warm up from the contact.  With each breath that Mika exhales, warm, sun-like comfort fills up his body.  Mika’s hands twitch out of reflex in an effort to wipe his tears away, which Yuu does not allow.

Yuu shakes his head, their foreheads still pressed together.  “You can cry when you are around me.  It’s totally fine, you
the point then.”

With that, he grabs the front of Kageyama’s jersey and pulls him in.  Using Kageyama’s momentary lapse in balance, he kisses Kageyama.  The kiss is over almost as soon as it began, barely giving Iwaizumi enough time to process what happened.

“This again.”  Again?  What do you again? Iwaizumi screams out in his head.   “If this is your tactic to sway my resolve, you are wasting your time.”

Oikawa composes his face into one that even Iwaizumi cannot read.  “I guess I’ll have to keep on trying, don’t I, then?  I’ll see you around, Tobio-chan~”

Iwaizumi catches up to Oikawa the moment they are out of Kageyama’s sight.  “What the fuck was that?”

If Oikawa is surprised to see him there, he doesn’t let it show on his face.  “Ah, Iwa-chan.  You saw that, didn’t you?  Think of it as a kind senpai greeting his former kouhai.”

“Bullshit,” he spits out.  “Don’t think you can lie straight to my face, Shittykawa.  I’ve known you for years, remember?”

Oikawa scratches the back of his head.  He starts to laugh but Iwaizumi can see the tears in his eyes.  “Iwa-chan, you really act like my mother, don’t ya?  If you really are my mother, please let this go.”

“The hell I will, you idiot!” he grabs the collar of Oikawa’s collar and twists it up, not unlike how Oikawa treated Kageyama a few minutes ago.  “If this is going to affect the qualifiers, we need to sort this out now before it becomes dire.”

“I told you earlier that this is nothing important!” Oikawa explodes.  “Don’t treat me like a little boy with his first crush!”

Iwaizumi all but throws Oikawa into a nearby tree.  A few of the passersby gasp and start to eye them up with worry in their eyes.

“Then don’t behave like one,” Iwaizumi warns before he lets Oikawa go.  He doesn’t even bother to wait for Oikawa’s response as he storms off.

 

 

-

 

 

Iwaizumi hates to admit it but he can’t stop himself from following Oikawa after practices.  Their team has definitely picked up on their tension and they do everything they can to stay out of it or overcome it during the practices.  As a third year, Iwaizumi berates himself for not being mature enough to confront Oikawa about it.  Come to think of it, half the fault is with Oikawa, seeing that he has not stopped sneaking off to Karasuno to rile up Kageyama with his indecency.

But it only takes about a week for the tables to turn against Iwaizumi’s favour.

Instead of letting Oikawa drag him into his game, Kageyama surprises both Oikawa and Iwaizumi by initiating the kiss.  When they break apart, both of them are breathing hard and Kageyama’s lips look suspiciously wet.  He himself looks surprised by his own actions.  While he can’t hear the words they are exchanging, Iwaizumi can deduce enough from their facial expressions.

He thought he had a head start returning home but it takes Oikawa only a minute to catch up to him.

“My, my, do we have a peeping tom here?” Oikawa singsongs.

“I told you to stop toying around with the poor kid,” he warns.

“But you saw him kiss me back, didn’t you, Iwa-chan?”

“Your flippant attitude disgusts me,” he retorts.

Oikawa wraps his arm around Iwaizumi’s shoulders.  “Meanie.  Do you want to know why he finally kissed me back?”

Only a fool would have to look up to see that Oikawa is one second away from tears.  Instead of asking for the obvious, Iwaizumi clamps his hand over Oikawa’s mouth.  Oikawa shakes his head as he steps backwards to free himself.

“You can’t do that, that’s cheating.”

Oikawa pushes Iwaizumi into a smaller alley and traps him between his arms and a wall.  Iwaizumi stares blankly at Oikawa, unimpressed.

“Why aren’t you saying anything, Iwa-chan?” Oikawa asks hoarsely, tears finally flowing down his cheeks.  His voice breaks over the next words.  “C’mon!  Punch me, kick me, be your usual self!  Don’t take pity on me just because Tobio told me that that was the last time!  Dammit, why aren’t you doing anything? Say something I’m g—”

He can’t even call it a kiss; no, it’s far too violent and one-sided to call it such a romantic, thought-out gesture.  It’s Iwaizumi-s selfishness materialised, crushed and rendered impossible in the wake of Oikawa’s heartache.  He isn’t expecting anything back.  A punch for a knee-kick to the guts, maybe, but not for Oikawa to kiss him back.  He knows all too well that Oikawa is only acting out of desperation.

Then why can’t
tower from any onlooker’s view and conversely keeps Mika in the dark. Literally. His favourite pastime has come to be imagining new constellations in the pitch black darkness around the thrice-cursed tower.

The witch blabbed about how she is doing this out of love, that she will keep him safe from those greedy, untrustworthy humans. She also said some nonsense about ‘turning him so that he shall bask in the glory of immortality’, whatever that was supposed to mean.

Mika shudders at the memory. His instincts are telling him that he needs to escape this little preview of hell before he finds out for himself what the little witch meant.

The prince looks out the window again; he scoffs, imagining how his governess would scold him for such an un-royal behaviour. ‘A person of royal blood must always retain his dignity and sense of authority over all things in his or her realms’, she would lecture him. Gah, he must be going mental seeing that he is beginning to miss that old hag’s nagging!

“Please come save me,” Mika whispers into the passing warm breeze. Perhaps he is hallucinating, but the gentle breeze seems to caress his cheek before the warmth leaves him.

Time for a nap, he supposes.

 

 

-

 

 


Please come save me.


“Wha’?” Yuu murmurs, only half-awake. “Ma, you say somethin’?”

“No! Aye! Git yer scrawny arse outta bed an’ milk them cows, boy!” his ma yells from the door.

“’M not scrawny, Ma,” Yuu retorts. Nonetheless, he crawls off his bed made of straw and wool and walks out to the kitchen to wash his face. “Fuck,” he mutters when he realises that he forgot to pull a shirt on. Ma hates it whenever he walks around half-clothed, says it makes him look like one of them hicks raised in a barn.

Yuu yawns and scratches his armpits as he drags his feet to their small barn where they keep two cows and a dozen or so chickens. That reminds him, he was supposed to sell one of them hens at the market the other day. Shite.

As if on cue, his ma stomps out to the yard. “Yuuichirou! Did you forget to sell the hen?”

Yuu sighs. “Sorry, Ma. I’ll do that next morn.”

She crosses her arms. “I been tellin’ ye to sell that old thing! Go do tha’ now!”

Yuu bites back a yawn. “Yes, Mother.”

He scoops up the oldest hen of the bunch and places her in the basket he finds lying around next to the barn door. His Ma gives him an earful as he pulls on his best city clothes—them black clothes with real brass buttons that look proper and, well, city dweller-like—and as she is fixing him breakfast and summat to eat on the road.

“Ye be careful on th’ road!” his Ma reminds him for the eighth time.

“Aye, Ma. I ain’t eight no more. That was eight years ago!” Yuu snaps.

His Ma kisses him on the forehead. “You’ll always be my lil’ boy. Now git to it! All them good spots be taken by th’ time yer there.”

“Yes, Mother. See you tomo’.”

 

 

-

 

 

“Ah, feckin’ hell,” Yuu yells into the woods. He should have been out of the woods before noon but he is somehow still in the midst of trees and whatnot. Usually, it takes him about half a day to walk to the nearest city marketplace to barter farm stuff with them city dwellers. Today, however, has been anything but usual. For daytime, the forest is awfully dark and he swears that it keeps growing darker as if the sun blinked out.

“Shoulda took a map,” he mutters to himself. “Who’da thunk it? Ma’s got reason to her naggin’.”

He plops down on a rock and rummages through his rucksack. Nope. His Ma didn’t sneak a map inside. Eh. He’ll take his snack break and continue on. Staying not hungry is more important than finding his way.


Please come save me.


That voice again! Who is saying that? He knows that them city kids make up stories about how Yuu’s hometown is close to a witch’s tower or summat but he had thought that it was all horse shite. It has to be all fiction.

Yuu wolfs down the sandwich and jumps to his feet. “Witches ain’t real,” he tells himself. He breaks off a branch halfway and also leaves behind a piece of bread from the sandwich. “They can’t be real.”

He turns around to continue on his journey.

Except he doesn’t.

More like he can’t.

 

 

-

 

 

Mika can’t fall asleep. Well, it’s more like he doesn’t want to.

He returns to one of the windows and scans the absolute darkness. He is sketching out the shape of a mystical bird in the skies with his hand when
He drums his fingertips on the edge of the steering wheel.  “Canmore is supposed showcase how beautiful the mountains are in Canada.  As for Edmonton, ah, I think I read on a brochure in the plane that it’s the capital of Alberta.  Alberta is a province we’re in, by the way.”

“I can read the map, thanks Mika,” Yuu snorts.  “So we’re going to Canmore?  I don’t see other towns we can get to in an hour or so.”

Mika sighs.  “Yes, Yuu-chan.  That’s where we are going.  They shot Leonardo DiCaprio’s latest movie there.”

Yuu wraps the thin jacket around him tightly.  “The one where he is stranded in the mountains with tonnes of snow?   Brrr, can we go elsewhere?”

“It’s pretty warm if you go to Vancouver, you know,” Mika retorts.  “Their version of winter is grey skies and endless rain.  I had to go there in November once for foreign relations and I regretted not bringing my rain gear.”

“It can’t be that bad,” Yuu snorts.  He reaches over to hold Mika’s free hand.  “One hour ‘til doomsday, huh?”

Mika pouts.  “You make it sound like I’m abducting you.”

Yuu raises an accusing brow.  “Fine, fine.  I can’t help it.  I’ve been wanting to run away with you for quite some time now, y’know.”

Yuu laughs.  “Is that so?”

Mika signals for a lane change and quickly jumps to the next lane over when he double-checks that they are the only care on the visible stretch of the highway.  “Call me cheesy and helpless but I knew that we had something special when I walked into your parlour.”

Yuu shudders in an exaggerated manner.  “You’re right.  It is ridiculously cheesy and helpless when you say it out loud.”  He still leans over and plants a quick kiss on Mika’s cheek.  “But that’s part of what I love about you, Mr. Husband To Be.”

Mika blushes.  “This is not helping with the navigation bit.  Can you get the map out from the front?”

“Aye, aye, cap’n.”

 

 

-

 

 

“Ah, how should I put it . . . I expected something more cabin-ish?” Yuu utters as he stares into the ‘cabin’.

Mika scratches the back of his head and smiles sheepishly.  “Did I overdo it?  This was one of the top results when I searched up cabins in Banff or Canmore area.”

Yuu gestures at the two-story-tall ceiling above them.  “Overdo it?  You hit the ball out of the park!  I have never even been on a trip with a boyfriend before and now you’ve gone and blown my expectations.”

Mika avoids eye contact with Yuu.  “I-I don’t know what to say to that.  Uh, this would be the part where I suggest that we unpack but the brilliant past me told you that we can buy clothes on the fly.  Um, listen, Yuu-chan—”

The blond finds himself unable to speak as something soft and salty presses up against his lips.  Yuu’s lips and inside of his mouth still taste like the pizza they shared an hour ago.  Sightseeing in the Canmore area was great and literally everywhere they looked, they could see a mountain peak or endless stretches of forests.

“Stop that.  As much as I love seeing you adorably flustered, I have other plans in mind.”

Mika grins.  “We’ll have to find a suitable place for that, Yuu-chan.”

Yuu grins back.  “Like that has stopped you before.”

“You are totally right.”

 

 

-

 

 

Both of them wake up close to noon, love bites and light nail marks scattered across their naked bodies.  Mika gives himself a mental pat on the back for convincing Yuu that they should still sleep on a bed.  Speaking of, the bed is one of the best commodities in the cabin.  Its king-size consumes most of the space in the bedroom, not that Mika is complaining.  He finds two housecoats in the closet, which is empty except for those and spare beddings.

He finds that the kitchenette is stocked with enough food to last them a week as he had requested.  He is halfway through making them a nice ‘English-style’ breakfast that he looked up online when Yuu emerges from the bedroom stark naked.

“Yuu-chan!” he chides.  “The curtains and blinds are open!  Anyone unlucky enough to be strolling outside our cabin can see your nasty business.”

Yuu gives him a look.  “You didn’t seem to think that it was nasty when it was—”

Mika clamps his hand over Yuu’s mouth.  “It’s too early to be talking about sex.  Shut up and sit there looking pretty, please.”

Yuu pouts until Mika sighs and kisses him.  “Good morning,” Mika says.

“Morning, sunshine.”  He slaps Mika on the ass before he