out a low moan that shot straight through Remus.  He swallowed, feeling an echo of memory at that thick cock pressed to his lips, against his tongue, before he took it all in.  The anticipation of the taste of male skin and precome made his mouth water. 

Remus cleared his throat, met Sirius’s eyes, then strode to the other side of the room.  “Let me know when you’re done.”  

He smiled as Sirius cursed but didn’t turn back at his name.  Even when Sirius moaned it.  He could tell Sirius didn’t want to get off to his own hand, he was probably only even half hard.  What Sirius wanted, what he needed was Remus.  But Remus wanted to win first.

It took less than ten seconds for Remus to hear the sound of the water shutting off.  The padding of wet feet followed as a dripping Sirius strode up behind him, towel slung low on his narrow hips, black tendrils of hair snaking over his shoulders and back.  Remus turned around and smiled.  

“All done?”

Sirius grumbled before pulling Remus by the nape of his neck into a hard kiss.  There was nothing else Remus could do but melt into it.  He gave in, threading his slender fingers into damp hair, down Sirius’ back and clutching him tight.   

“You win, alright?” Sirius breathed against his lips before rutting his hips against Remus, pinning him to a wall.  “Just touch me.”

Remus was all too happy to oblige.  Pressing his palms to Sirius’ warm chest, he caused Sirius to take a small step back.  He watched Sirius shiver as his cool fingers traced down heated skin, coming to rest only at the drape of cloth across his abdomen.  

“What exactly do I win?” he asked smugly, amazed to see Sirius’ breath hitch, his abdominal muscles tighten in anticipation as his fingers traced along the length of the towel.  Sirius closed his eyes as Remus’ touch moved to his back, short fingernails running up and down his muscles, leaving shallow red marks that would disappear in minutes.  With a low moan Sirius bucked his hips, pressing into Remus, the rigid rod of his cock seeking attention.  Remus pushed him back and he swore Sirius let out a low whimper.

“Do I win, this?” Remus asked, running a long finger up Sirius’ covered length.  

“Fuck, whatever you want Moony,” Sirius whispered, pressing into his touch as Remus placed his palm against Sirius’ cock.  He could feel its heat, its need through the fabric, how it twitched and thickened under his grasp.  With a firm touch, Remus palmed him, deepening the pressure as Sirius rutted against his hip, words of pleading escaping his perfect lips. 

It still seemed surreal each time they were together.  Remus could not believe that such a perfect man could possibly want him this much.  He reasoned that the universe must be trying to make up for the curse of his lycanthropy by giving someone who loved him so much, cherished and needed him.  And also wanted to be kissed, sucked and fucked into oblivion.

Remus realized he had probably tortured his boyfriend long enough, though he could easily drag it along for a few more agonizing minutes.  Yet now he only wanted to give in, to allow himself and Sirius all the pleasure they were forced to push aside, to wait for when they were in class, studying, or had nosy roommates that wouldn’t give them a moment to themselves.  The moments they were forced to postpone when their kisses in the library were interrupted, or the touch of a hand upon a thigh was getting much too heated for Potions class.  Remus knew that at any moment someone could walk into the locker room, to gaze upon their state of undress and indecency, yet at the moment he could not be bothered to care.  He needed Sirius and Sirius needed him and detentions be damned.  

Pulling Sirius into a heated kiss, tangling their tongues and tasting the other boy’s moans, Remus whipped off the towel to pool at their feet.  With quickly warming fingers Remus gripped Sirius, taking his thick cock in his grasp and pulling at him hard.  Sirius rocked into his touch, cursing a string of words that would have made McGonagall give him detention for a week.  

Then he turned, pressing Sirius to the wall and spreading his legs apart with his own knee.  With tortured slowness, Remus rutted against Sirius, holding him still as he allowed his boyfriend to feel how hard he was for him, how much he wanted him in return.  Sirius moaned, inching his hips forward, seeking to rub their cocks together in a harsher rhythm that Remus currently allowed.  

“Damn, I need you so bad,” Sirius muttered, gasping as Remus stroked him again, his eyes closing at the overwhelming touch.  

Sirius’ cock felt so hot and heavy in his hand, twitching with need, wet with water droplets and sticky precome.  Slowly Remus smoothed his thumb over the soft round head, watching as Sirius closed his eyes, gasping into his touch, pressing his hips forward erratically.  He loved making Sirius go wild for him
once more and the faint grey of predawn receded behind his closed eyes.

Soft yellow dawn drove back the shadows as Remus stirred awake once again.  His eyelids fluttered, attempting to focus his still bleary eyes as he felt soft fingers caress him.  One hand made its way tantalizing around his upper thigh, the other up under his shirt, tracing his stomach before suddenly stopping, stiffening…

Remus gasped and pulled away, crossing his arms over his shirt and holding it down to hide his body as best he could.  In the grip of horror and embarrassment, Remus sprung from the side of the bed, searching frantically for the remainder of his clothes as a raspy voice caught his attention.

“Please, Remus come back,” Sirius pleaded.

“Sorry I have to go,” Remus replied without looking back, knowing it would be his undoing.  If he did, Sirius could break his heart.  “It’s been...I mean thank you...I just…”

A warm hand grasped his wrist softly, so loose that he could easily break free if he wished.  The rustle of sheets to Remus’ side indicated that Sirius has moved to the edge of the bed.  Remus looked away but somehow couldn’t bring himself to leave quite yet.  

“I forgot.  I didn’t mean to...Remus please, just...just don’t leave.”

Sirius sounded so forlorn that Remus couldn’t help but meet his eyes.  Then he was lost.  The raw emotion swirling in those grey depths just about undid him and Remus fell forward into Sirius’ surprised arms.  

“It’s okay,” Sirius said softly, his hands stroking soothly in Remus’ hair.  “I’m sorry, I really was just sleepy and wanted to touch you.  It was so perfect waking up next to you, I didn’t mean…”

“No it’s...it’s alright,” Remus said into his shoulder, taking a steadying breath before pulling back and meeting the other man’s eyes.  “I should've been more careful.  This is why you...you were my first.  I just couldn’t risk it.”

“Risk what?  Remus whatever it is, I don’t think it’s as bad as you’re leading on.”

“For someone, you especially, to see.  It’s...it’s disgusting,” Remus said, swallowing past the emotion threatening to burst forth.  Damn, this was harder than he’d thought.  He should never have stayed the night, never have fallen for Sirius, never dared to hope that he could have someone who would care about him.  Because once they saw…

“Look, if it’s scars…” Sirius stopped when Remus’ eyes widened.  “That’s what I felt when I touched you right?”  Remus nodded and Sirius let out a sigh.  “They don’t bother me, really Remus, why would I let a little thing like that…”

Remus winced.  “They’re not little...there’s a lot.  It’s...hideous.”

Sirius set his face determinedly, his gaze unwavering on Remus as he held him by the shoulders.  “Remus.  I.  Don’t.  Bloody.  Care.  Scars, no scars, they don’t make a bit of difference to me.  Now stop trying to find a reason to run away!”

Remus sat there stunned.  Was he...could he have been looking for an excuse to run off before getting hurt, not even giving Sirius a chance to actually accept him?  He was so disgusted with his own body, not even willing to glance upon himself in the mirror, but could someone else not see the same flaws he did?  Or overlook them as he had never been able to?  He was so overwhelmingly biased about his self-hatred that he had never even considered that someone, someone so kind and open like Sirius, might be able to look past his scars.

“Okay,” Remus said softly, his throat tight as he looked down, his hands clenched in a death grip to the hem of his shirt.  

“Do you believe me thought?” Sirius asked and Remus nodded after a moment.

“I believe you think that now…” he replied.

Sirius let out an exasperated noise and threw back his head. “Then show me!  I’m not going to gasp in horror and run!  Give me some credit Remus!”

“Look, I’m trying, it’s just not that easy for me.”

“I want to help.  Please let me?”

Remus arched his head back, looking at the ceiling as he swallowed his pain, his eyes clenched shut.  He didn’t know if he could do this.  To be this open and honest with someone.  Of course James knew about his scars, had seen them when they were boys.  But it wasn’t the same.  Sirius was someone new, someone who hadn’t cared about him long enough that scars wouldn’t change anything.  He could just picture it, the disgust, the revulsion at his marred skin.  How Sirius would try
hips forward, Sirius gave Remus what he desired.  His cock was swollen, thick with want, the tip reddened and slick where precum had slid from it to drip down his long fingers.  He looked over to see Remus had taken out the other boy, was playing with his cock, sliding his fingers along the thickened length.  The sight made him so hot he almost couldn’t stand it.  He pressed down tight on his cock, drawing a deep breath before leaning back.  

Remus sensed that Sirius needed a moment to steady himself, so he turned to Padfoot, looking up into those grey eyes he loved so much as he pulled his hips gently closer.  

“I need you to suck me Moony,” Padfoot pleaded, and Remus was more than happy to oblige.  

Wrapping his mouth around the thick head, he took the other boy in deep, pressing his tongue along the underside, moaning around his hot mouthful.  He remembered how scared he’ been the first time he’d done this with Sirius, how afraid of the taste, fearful of choking.  Now he loved it.  

“Damn, I want that too,” he heard Sirius say, and opened his eyes to see the other boy had moved closer, much closer.  His cock practically pressed to Remus’ face as he panted and continued to stroke himself.  

Taking Padfoot from his mouth, Remus looked between the two before taking them both in hand and wrapping his lips around Sirius’s cocks.  His mouth was obviously not big enough to fit much of either, but he stretched his jaw wide as he sucked, flicking his tongue between their heads and lapping at the precum he tasted.  

Both boys above him moaned, bucking their hips, and Remus kept his eyes open to take in the incredibly erotic sight.  Their identical cocks, hard and pressed together, were almost enough to make him come on the spot.  Gripping each of them, his mouth full and his own cock heavy, Remus could barely stand it.  He was so close, so tantalizingly close.  Both boys now had their hands fisted in his hair, gripping his head, slowly rocking him forward and pushing him back along their thick lengths.  Sirius’s knee still pressed against his groin, grinding in its immediacy to get him off, but he hardly needed it.  He would probably have been able to come untouched with two Sirius’s alone.  Two Sirius’s who were currently fucking his mouth.  

Suddenly it was all too much and Remus bucked him hips, moaning before releasing his mouthful, arching his back as he came hard.  Sirius dipped down for a kiss, capturing the groan with his lips as Padfoot’s fingers found his cock, gripping him through the fabric of his pants and wringing out every last bit of his orgasm.  Remus panted, feeling his muscles begin to relax as the wetness spread in his pants, blushing as he realized he’d come without either of them actually even touching his naked cock.  

After a moment Remus looked up to see both boys, wearing identical grins of satisfaction, gazing down on him.

“You like that Remus?” Sirius said, brushing his fingers against his damp trousers.  Remus shuddered in response.  

“Hmm, but what am I to do?” Padfoot said, looking down at his own aching length.  

“Hey, me too,” Sirius said, feigning hurt, gripping himself before looking down at Remus.  “I wonder how we can get Moony back in the mood?”

“Oh?” Padfoot seemed to ponder this.  “Well he thinks I’m hot.”

“And he know’s I’m bloody gorgeous.”

“Maybe if we kiss?”

Remus was sure all the blood in his entire body instantly ran straight back to his flaccid cock.  

“I wonder if he’d like that?”

“Shall we find out?”

Sirius leaned forward, across Remus’s legs, and wrapped his fingers in Padfoot’s long dark hair, pulling him in for a hard kiss.  There was nothing gentle in the way their lips clashed, claiming, demanding and so incredibly breathtaking.  Remus watched as Padfoot’s thumb slid up Sirius’ jawbone, holding him tight, while Sirius’ hand fisted the other boy’s hair, all the while their mouths hungrily slanting over one another.  Groaning, Remus shucked off his dampened pants, throwing them over the edge of the bed before he turned back to watch once more.  He was sure he’d never see anything more erotic in his life.  

Remus reached down tentatively to touch himself, shivering as his already sensitive length was once again hard and wanton.  He was still stick with precum, his fingers finding easy purchase as he ghosted them along the substantial length, groaning into his own touch.  Then he looked up, catching two pairs of grey eyes watching him, and blushed, ducking his head.

“Don’t stop on our account,” Padfoot said, his voice low with hunger as his eyes ran over Remus’ cock.  

Sirius nipped lightly at the other boy’s lip, trailing one hand down the chest beside his, identical to his own in every way, and splayed
be your… Ah!”

John wasn’t given the chance to finish before Ravishan devoured him, guiding the other man’s cock deep into his mouth and sucking fervently. Arching into that delicious warmth, John became lost, consumed by the blinding pleasure of his lover’s skillful tongue and lips working his throbbing erection relentlessly. No man had ever made John feel this way. Even with his limited experience, Ravishan’s abilities far surpassed any other partner John had ever taken, his need to please and learn from his lover expanding his skills with each new union of their insatiable bodies. John had always loved Ravishan’s amazing smile, but now knew that his mouth held much more salacious talents. Those full lips and wide grin could instantly transform from sumptuous to sensual as he took John deep, wrapping his ample girth perfectly in their hungry embrace.

And then there was his tongue. John shuddered as he felt Ravishan suck him slowly yet skillfully, the tip of his tongue dancing over the surface of his shuddering cock, coaxing small pearls of cum forth as he fought to maintain some semblance of control. But it was all an illusion. Ravishan held him captive, tight in his grasp, and could make John come with a simple flick of his tongue. And John knew it.

John suddenly felt selfish. Though the previous time they had performed such an act, Ravishan had orgasmed from merely sucking him off, yet John wished to touch his lover, to coax him to climax and feel his body shudder in unabashed fulfillment against his own. Without waiting another moment for his selfish urges to once again take hold, John disengaged Ravishan from himself before pushing him onto the bed. John knelt over his lover, studying his lean body with ravenous intent, then pulled the last vestige of clothing from Ravishan’s hips. But when John leaned forward, ready to crush Ravishan’s lips to his own, he saw an unexpected pout grace his countenance.

“What’s wrong?” John wondered aloud, his fingers trailing Ravishan’s fine skin, attempting to soothe his troubled lover.

“Nothing,” Ravishan answered, but took it back almost instantly when John furrowed his brow knowingly. “Alright, not nothing. It’s just...why do you always get to be...you know… in charge?”

John tried his hardest not to laugh. Although Ravishan was growing in skill, his lack of experience had always lead him to acquiesce to John’s greater expertise. But he was no longer the naive young man John had guided through the ways of sex. They had been through so much together recently that it was impossible for John not to expect, even want equality in every single aspect of their relationship. Ravishan was a man and he wanted to prove it.

 

“I don’t have to be,” John conceded, gazing adoringly at his lover. John kissed Ravishan with a chaste promise, pulling away to see that beautiful smile once again upon his delighted lips. Shifting his weight, John settled back on his knees, allowing Ravishan to scramble out from under him. Mirroring John, Ravishan sat up, a worried look flashing briefly in his eyes as he realized he had actually gotten his wish. Now he was in charge.

John attempted to suppress a glib smile while watching Ravishan’s serious expression as he decided what to do next. Coloring slightly, the ushiri grabbed John by the hips, pressing their bodies together before kissing him deeply. This at least he knew how to do. And well. John let himself be lead, delighting as Ravishan darted his tongue to dance with his own and grabbed him by the nape of his neck to crush their lips together in fervent desperation. Then he began to move. Rocking slightly at first, Ravishan soon was moaning into John’s mouth as their cocks pressed together, heads and shafts grinding in a mixture of heat and friction as each man grew harder from the other’s mounting desire.

Ravishan’s thin fingers then began to trace their way down John’s muscular back, finding purchase finally on his ass, cupping and squeezing the soft flesh wantonly. But he went no farther. Only then did John realized his lover was actually wary to proceed and would take a bit of urging. With the patience of a teacher for his apt yet naive pupil, John grabbed Ravishan's shaking hand, licking his fingers languidly before guiding them back where they started. Ravishan’s eyes went wide and John could tell he’d forgotten to breathe as he watched John slowly part his muscular thighs, allowing him entrance.

But Ravishan still did not move. Looking into his lover’s eyes, John thought he saw a question there that was not voiced. Then a hand on his chest pushed at him tentatively. Ravishan wanted him to lie down. John nodded slightly as Ravishan gave him a real push, toppling him onto his back with Ravishan now above. His confidence growing, Ravishan gripped John’s thighs, spreading his legs further while gazing intently between them. John leaned back and closed his eyes, relinquishing himself to his lover’s ministrations and at the same time rightly knowing
more than ever, being the only one who knew about their relationship. Hopefully Sirius would forgive him.

With a sigh Remus righted himself and ran his hands through his hair, willing away the compounding stresses of the day that kept piling upon him.

Remus spent the morning distracted as he thought of what to say to break things off with Will. Luckily Sirius quickly forgave him after a muttered apology at the breakfast he almost missed, slinging his arm around Remus with his normal enthusiasm and lack of respect for personal space that had come to define their friendship. Remus barely paid attention in History of Magic and then almost completely ruined his potion, though luckily Sirius was watching him with a shrewd eye and saved the draught before it was a complete waste. At lunch he wasn't hungry, just pushed the innards of his meat pie around until the meal was over.

As lunch came to an end and students began to file out to their last double class of the day, Sirius pulled Remus aside.

"Something on your mind Moony?" Sirius enquired once everyone was out of hearing.

"What?" Remus asked, not paying the least bit of attention.

"What do you mean 'what?' You've been distracted all day!" Sirius said in exasperation.

"Look I...I'm just trying to think of what to say," Remus replied cryptically.

"Well that doesn't usually take so much effort for you...maybe for Pete…"

Remus rolled his eyes, "Never mind then if you're just going to joke."

"What? No, okay I'm sorry Moony, I'm serious...and I don't mean that as a joke either!" he cried, pulling Remus' sleeve as he tried to walk away after the pun on his name. When Remus stopped and sighed, Sirius put a hand on each of his shoulders and looked him in the eye.

"If you want to talk, you know I'm here right?"

"Yeah I...thanks Sirius," Remus said, reaching up to touch one of Sirius's hands briefly. "There's just something I have to do later, but can we talk about it after?"

"Sure Moony, whatever you need," Sirius replied and surprised Remus with a quick hug. Remus took the moment to relax, to take in the feel of Sirius's arms wrapped around him, his long hair tickling his nose, the smell of his freshly washed robes mingling with the soap Sirius always used. He could stay like this forever.

But of course the moment ended all too soon and Remus found Sirius smiling up at him and it was impossible not to smile back.

"Come on, can't be late to zone out in another class," Remus laughed as both boys walked together to Muggle Studies.

Thankfully both Remus's mood and ability to concentrate improved as the day went on, especially with Sirius beside him to lighten the atmosphere. Finally on his own though, Remus entered the Potions classroom to find Will already there waiting for him, and his chest once again grew tight with trepidation.

Will smiled his normally handsome smile at Remus, and he attempted it in return as best he could, all the while revising what he would say to the other boy once they could be alone. Professor Slughorn bumbled around in the background as Will helped Remus with his studies, though every touch of their hands that had once set off sparks of excitement now caused a cold chill to grow in Remus' stomach. He liked Will. A lot. Yet, this just could never be, for so many reasons. And later he'd have to tell the other boy precisely that. He knew Will could tell he was distracted, and a concerned look seemed to often cross the other boy's face as Remus' restlessness quickly made itself known.

"I think...perhaps we should call it quits for the day?" Will asked as Remus forgot something he should already know for the second time. Remus nodded gratefully and the boys cleaned up their potions supplies and headed to the door.

"Remus, is...is everything alright? You seem…" Will started before Remus could interrupt him.

"Can we...could we find somewhere to talk?" Remus asked, glancing around the empty corridor.

"Sure, um, I think there's an empty classroom down the hall," Will said, the worry evident in his tone as he led the way past a suit of armor and opened the doors to a disused room.

Remus glanced about, noting the dust in the air and upon every desk and chair. At least there was no chance they'd be interrupted. With a sigh he closed the door behind him and made his way toward Will who was half perched on one such ancient desk.

"So…" Will started, taking one of Remus's hands in his own and cocking an eyebrow at him.

"Look...I don't know how to say this," Remus began.

"How to say what? That you're still crazy about Sirius?" Will deducted, furrowing his brow slightly.

Remus simply stood
most pathetic tone. He’d thought Remus would appreciate the homage.

Said werewolf leaned against the counter and dug a fork into the flaky crust and ate a mouthful. Sirius decided to see if his puppy-dog eyes still worked. Apparently he’d lost his touch or Remus had built up an immunity while he’d been away.

Sirius looked down at the soft material, taking one of the cute howling wolves between his fingers. “I like them though. They look like you...they’re...cute.”

“You think I’m...cute.” Remus looked over at him, his face deadpan.

“Well...I mean when you’re not bloodthirsty,” Sirius shrugged.

“Uh huh,” Remus said, cocking an eyebrow.

“When you’re playful you get this wolfy smile and sometimes you curl up like a croissant,” Sirius grinned.

Remus simply stared for a half a minute before his lip twitched. Then he handed Sirius a plate of food and sat beside him. Sirius smiled triumphantly.

“Mmph this is incredible Moony!” he said around a mouthful of food. “The house elves have nothing on your cooking.”

“Flatterer,” Remus said, but Sirius saw a faint smile as the other man shook his head.

Sirius must have been more hungry than he’d thought for he went through two servings before sighing and sitting back in his chair.

“I don’t ever want to move again,” Sirius murmured as he closed his eyes.

“Well I’m going to cut your hair now, so that would be wise, at least for the next few minutes,” Remus advised, coming up behind Sirius with the scissors.

Sirius heard Remus mutter the charm to turn his hair back to black before the other man stooped and began to trim his overly long locks.

“Want me to stand?” Sirius asked, realizing Remus was practically on the floor.

“In a minute. Just rest, I can take the ragged ends off first.”

Sirius listened to the snipping of the sheers for a bit as the other man worked, wondering just how much Remus would take off. As long as it wasn’t too short, he really didn’t care. Although he recalled Remus saying he liked it long. Weird.

“Okay stand up,” Remus instructed, so Sirius bit back a groan and stretched, sneaking a peak over his shoulder.

“Hey, you cut off practically nothing!”

“What do you mean?” Remus said, standing as well. “It was past your ass, now it’s to your back. Be grateful. And hold still.”

Sirius puffed air through his nose but settled into place once more as Remus took the jaggedness off the damp ends, stopping every so often to run it through his fingers to check the length. It felt incredibly relaxing. Every so often Remus would run a comb through, snip a bit, then brush his fingers through his scalp. Sirius let out a contented noise.

“All done,” Remus said, but continued to touch Sirius’ hair. It felt oddly familiar, like when Sirius used to lay his head in Remus’ lap at Hogwarts as the other boy read and Remus would absently stroke his hair.

“Let’s sit on the couch,” Remus suggested, and Sirius wondered if the other man was remembering the same thing. Without a word Remus sat down,folding one knee up and grabbing a book while Sirius laid down on the other side, his head resting on Remus thigh. Remus reached out absently to resume brushing his long fingers through the damp strands.

“Want me to turn on the tv?” Remus asked, nodding at the box Sirius only now realized existed.

“Oh...yeah sure. Put on whatever,” Sirius said. Not like he was caught up on any shows. Just having something mindless to focus on instead of dwelling on his own dark thoughts would be a blessing.

Remus clicked it on and put his hand back, nose still in his book.

Within five minutes, between the hum of the television, the soothing strokes of Remus fingers and the warmth of his body, Sirius was fast asleep.

Thank you as always Pariya for your amazing inspiration, help, and gorgeous artwork and Rachel for editing!For those of you waiting for things to get steamy, the wait is almost over!  Ch 5 will be explicit I promise (sorry I love to torture you all with a good slow burn)

Remus has a difficult time dealing with Sirius's nightmares, secrets, and waking up with Sirius pressed against him every morning.  So why take a cold shower when you can have a hot one?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          





 

Remus looked down at Sirius where he slept in his lap and smiled. It was amazing how sleep took off years and cares from the other man’s face. If he closed his eyes, he was transported back to Hogwarts. Back to the common room where they’d sit like this for hours. Him studying, Sirius doing anything but studying, as they’d relax by the fire in overstuffed chairs on chilly fall
Sirius said nothing so he shook his head and made for the other boy’s trunk.

“Er, whatcha doing Moony?” Sirius asked as Remus pulled out a pair of tight distressed jeans from within.

“Well if you think I look shite in my own clothes, it’s only fitting I borrow yours.”  Remus pulled off his own jeans and put on Sirius’, buttoning them as angrily as possible.  “Damn these are snug, how do you do it?”  He turned to look at himself, raising an eyebrow at his reflection.  Actually he knew exactly why Sirius wore these particularly tight jeans, they hugged the boy’s perfect ass so well that any discomfort was well worth it.  Though Remus didn’t think he looked an ounce as attractive as Sirius did in them, the results were not half bad.  

“And you know what?” Remus said, turning his head to glare at his friend, “I don’t care what you say, or can’t say apparently.  I love the jumper you gave me.  I’m wearing it.  Even if you tell me I am the height of grandpa aesthetic.  Or whatever.”  Pulling the jumper from the pile of discarded attempts, Remus threw it back on.  He glanced at Sirius in the mirror but was unable to read his befuddled expression.  If the jeans didn’t go with the jumper, or his eyes, or his lycanthropy, he was sure to hear it from Sirius’ mouth in about .27 seconds.

“You’d better not say a single word.  I’m not changing again,” Remus huffed, turning back to attempt to straighten his hair.  It had gotten long, the back just reaching his shoulders in sandy blond waves that he took a moment to tame.  

“So…” Sirius started and Remus turned to give him his best get-off-my-lawn-you-damn-kids expression.  “So you really like her?”

“Uh…” Remus wasn’t sure how to answer that.  Victoria seemed...nice.  

“I mean, like you want to, you know, date her?  Hold hands and stuff?”

Remus shrugged.  “I guess?”  Honestly he hadn’t given much thought to what the date would entail.  He could probably find it within himself to hold her hand, but the thought didn’t exactly excite him.

“Have you ever, you know, held hands?  With a girl?”

“Well no, but I’m sure I can figure out the physics of it,” Remus said, cocking an eyebrow.  Sirius seemed strangely concerned and he could not for the life of him figure out why.

“What about...kissing?”

Remus shook his head.  “I’m not kissing her on the first date.”

“But what if she wants to?  Do you know how?” Sirius said, standing shakily and walking toward him.  

Remus frowned.  “What, should I go to the library and do some reasearch on it?  Really Sirius, it’s just one Hogsmeade trip without you lot.  Get over it.  Maybe try to be happy for me.”

“But, are you happy?  With her?” Sirius stopped a foot away from him and Remus squared his shoulders.  He was tired of this, of Sirius trying to sabotage his date, being stupidly unhelpful when all Remus wanted was some kind of support.  

“Well I’m a lot happier with her than I am with you right now!” Remus all but shouted, regretting it just a little when Sirius suddenly looked like a kicked puppy.

Sighing, Remus shook his head and took a moment to calm himself.  “Look, she’s taking attention away from you, I get it.  But can’t you just let me have this?”

“Moony,” Sirius said sadly.

“What do you want from me Sirius?  To make me miserable?  Congratulations, I’ll be sure to give you some house points for your achievement.  Alright?  You got me.  I’m settling.  I’m going to Hogsmeade with her cause I can’t go with who I really want.  Ten points to Gryffindor.”

“Really?” Sirius said, his face lighting up.

“You know I didn’t really give you points right?” Remus sighed.  He straightened his shirt and shook his head, whether at his own reflection or Sirius he wasn’t quite sure.  Turning, Remus found Sirius right behind him.

“Padfoot, look, for once, someone actually showed some interest in me.  I know for you that’s nothing, but to me, it’s everything.  No one falls for me, I’m not some gorgeous playboy aristocrat like you.  I’m just...me.”

“Playboy aristocrat?” Sirius said back, seemingly affronted.  

Remus realized he may have taken things a bit too far by bringing the other boy’s estranged family into the argument.  And now that he thought of it, he couldn’t quite recall the last time Sirius had actually been on a proper date, much less bragged about it as he was wont to