eyes had lit up, took in the broad, eager smile on his face. The 'no' that had been on the tip of his tongue melted away. "We'll have to leave early if we're going to have time for that," he said, then yawned. "Okay?"

"Okay!"

 


Well, I hope all of you early birds don't mind a little bit of shovelling, because we sure got a lot of white stuff dumped on us overnight! There's no denying it; winter is here to stay. And that isn't the end of it – the next few days promise snow, snow, and more snow. If you're driving this morning, be careful!


Voice on the radio, way too cheerful for the hour. Christmas music following, light and bouncy. Hannu frowned into his coffee and tried to ignore it, too overcome with early-morning inertia to get up and turn the dial to something less annoying. It was the beginning of the month, and that meant it was too early for this kind of thing as far as he was concerned.

But. Ville. There was Ville. Ville, glancing out the window at every opportunity. Ville, humming along with the songs, not seeming to mind that Christmas was weeks away. Ville, who couldn't stop smiling, and wouldn't even if he could.

Ville, who had gobbled down his breakfast quick as he could, and was staring at him with pleading, hopeful eyes.

Hannu sighed and shoved the last of his toast into his mouth. "Okay," he said. "Fine. Outside. Right."

"Great! Come on–"

As Hannu allowed himself to be pulled, he wondered just how on earth Ville managed to pull off that puppydog eyes thing every time.

 

The air was crisp. Hannu took it in, breathed it deeply, closed his eyes and felt snowflakes on his cheeks. The snow was thick on the ground, and if the radio had been right and they would get more snow that day, it meant that by the time they came home they really would have to dig a path to get to the door.

Ville was already making snowballs.

"Ohhhhh no. No, I'm not – Ville, it's too early for–"

"Are you sure?"

That smile. He couldn't argue with it. Hannu pursed his lips and pretended he wasn't falling for it. But just to be sure, he took a few steps and listened to the sound of the snow under his feet. He heard the crunch that told him it was perfect. Just the right texture.

He bent down, scooped some up. Packed it into a ball and felt the corner of his mouth twitch with satisfaction as it turned out just right. Looked up at Ville, grinned – and dodged the snowball that came flying toward his head.

 

They chased each other all the way around the house, hurling snowballs at one another, laughing. They kept at it for an age, not bothering to keep track of the time.

Snow in their hair, in their faces, dusting their coats. Hannu ran; Ville followed, trying to catch him.

"Hah! Just you try it–"

As Hannu turned to throw another in his direction, Ville tackled him, and they both went down.

"Oof!"

Snow in his hair. Snow slipping up his jacket. Snow everywhere. Hannu gasped, shivering as he got a dash of cold down the back of his neck.

Ville planted his hands on either side of Hannu's head. "Got you!" he said, grinning.

Hannu squirmed, blinking up at him, trying to ignore the sensations of cold and wet. Ville was heavy, squishing him down into the snow as he sat on him. "I– yeah. You do." A long pause. A deep breath. "Can you let me up now?"

"Only if we can do this again when we get home."

"Oh come on–!"

In the end, Hannu surrendered. Gave up completely. Maybe it was Ville's smile, how cheerful he was about the whole thing. Or maybe Hannu knew that even if he tried to argue, he wouldn't win.

"Fine, fine. Okay." A sigh of resignation, and relief when that weight finally slipped off of him. Hannu took the gloved hand that was offered to him. Stood, grumbling as he brushed off the snow, shook it out from his jacket. Those eyes caught him again, and his friend's smiling face, and he decided that even if he was cold – cold and wet – maybe it was worth a bit of cold to see Ville like that. Even his usual good cheer couldn't compete with the way he looked in the early-morning moonlight, eyes bright and hair dusted with fluffy snowflakes.

But there was something else. Something he was forgetting. Oh, no.

"What time is it...?"

Hannu pulled his sleeve back to check his watch. Muttered a curse under his breath. "We'
the boards.

He rose and stepped onto the narrow bridge. Put out his hand. Waited. As it pressed its furry head to nuzzle at his palm, he felt whole again.

Blinking his eyes open, Lalli stared into the dark and took in the sounds around him.

Slow, even breathing. Four. The crew was asleep. Not a sound he heard often, but he recognized it well enough.

Lalli sat up. Stretched. After sleeping so long, he felt stiff all over. He thought of moving.

Suddenly, he realized.

Four?

Someone else in the room was awake, then.

"Lalli!" A relieved voice speaking his name in a hushed tone, followed by a stream of enthusiastic Swedish gibberish.

Looking, Lalli could see Emil's dim outline in the dark. The words paused for a moment as Emil fumbled to light a candle. Then a yellow glow appeared, giving little light, but just enough for Lalli to see his shadowy face, eyes wide and concerned.

Emil came near to him. Set the candle by him. Whispered something, held out his hands as if to - what? Lalli tilted his head, holding back a yawn. I don't understand you, he thought.

The broad palms cupped his head, smoothed his hair down, then lingered on his face. Lalli relaxed into the touch, closed his eyes. Allowed it. It was weird, but it wasn't bad.

It was just Emil, after all. Emil being his usual self.

Even if Lalli was awake, he felt so tired. There was a dull ache everywhere, biting at his joints, as if he'd completely worn himself out.

...Well. He had worn himself out. Hadn't he. 

Emil was still whispering.

Lalli opened one eye. Noisy, he thought, even if Emil was trying to be quiet. It was a bother. It wouldn't do. He'd wake the rest if he kept at it, and then Lalli would have to deal with more people talking to him. The very thought was exhausting.

You should wake them, a voice in the back of his mind said. There might be something you need to do for them. How many days has it been? He considered this. He didn't know. How long had he been asleep?

No. It didn't matter. He was in no condition to be running around outside. If there was anything that needed to be done, it would have to wait. He wouldn't get very far. Not yet.

That decided, he lifted a hand. Pressed two fingers to Emil's lips. Hissed a soft "Shh!" and tried not to look as exhausted as he felt.

Somehow, Emil got the message. He swallowed, gently grasped Lalli's hand, then nodded.

Okay.

Soft words, a barely-there question that Lalli didn't understand. Lalli thought about replying, and decided not to bother, letting a confused expression settle over his face instead. If Emil got anything from that, it would be a surprise. But maybe he did.

Emil rose. Left him, tiptoeing quietly through the tank for – something. What?

Whatever, Lalli thought as he fell back, settling beneath the warm things that had been draped over him while he was asleep. Blankets. He moved to draw them over himself again. Blankets and... a coat. White coat. He brushed his fingertips along the black stripes going down the inner arms. Emil's, then. Had he been watching him?

Weird Swede, he thought, closing his eyes. Emil was always weird.

But he didn't mind.

A moment later, he heard careful feet stepping toward him again. Lalli let out a sigh, then sat up. What now?

More hushed whispering, and then something was pressed into his hands. A biscuit. Something was set down next to him, and he could smell it. Mint tea.

He looked up at Emil, wondering if he should bother to say something. A twisted grumbling sound came from his guts and he ducked his head, taking up the food, ravenous and not willing to bother trying to thank him now. Maybe Emil would figure it out himself, anyway. He had a way of doing that.

Carefully, Emil sank down beside him. For once, he'd shut his mouth, wasn't saying anything. Not that Lalli would mind the talking, usually. Not that Lalli minded the sound of Emil's voice in particular. It was... nice. A nice voice. But now, in the dark, it wasn't the time. Not when he was tired as the grave and everything ached.

The tea was more warm than hot. Emil hadn't taken his time with it. Or maybe he didn't know how to heat it properly. Lalli wouldn't be surprised if that was the case. But it was good enough, Lalli thought. Good enough. It would tide him over until later. He downed it, then
slowly, carefully. If any human had come that way before, it hadn't been for a long time. Plants crept across the path, obscuring it. Branches reached across it, and Jonna held them back to let Riikka through. There was the distinct sensation that they were heading uphill.

They came, eventually, to a place where the trees thinned. And then, a bright sliver of sky was visible, and they stepped out into the open.

A lake stretched out before them, broad and glittering. The trees gave way to flat grassy ground, with a steep drop to the lakeshore. Jonna plunked down beneath a tree and patted the space beside her. "This is what I wanted to show you," she said. "What do you think? A secret place just for us."

Riikka unshouldered her pack and set it down gently. Then she sank down next to Jonna, and when a long arm coiled loosely around her shoulders, just like she expected, she edged a bit closer. "Are you sure it's a secret?"

"Well," Jonna said, "When I came here, there wasn't any sign that anyone had been around. And you can't get to it from the lake; it's too high up, nobody's going to climb that." She gestured lake ward, in the general direction of the village, hardly visible from where they were. "And I think any juvenile delinquents looking for a place to get up to something would stick closer to someplace where they could make a quick getaway, you know?"

Riikka laughed. If anyone was in a position to know exactly what troublemakers would do, it was Jonna. "Okay," she said softly, curling comfortably against Jonna. "It'll be our secret."

 

They talked over lunch, keeping their voices quiet so that they wouldn't be heard from the trails, just in case. Sandwiches and cinnamon rolls from the Kuikka bakery, sugary crumbs that Riikka licked from her fingers one by one. Jonna looked out at the lake, her chin resting on her hands, a satisfied expression on her face. "I had them made with extra sugar crumble," she said, sounding pleased with herself. "Special."

"Just how much planning did you put into this?" Riikka asked, raising an eyebrow. "You aren't going to start making lists, are you?"

"Oh, come on!" Jonna laughed, shaking her head. "You know I don't usually get a day all to myself. So, I wanted to make sure it'd be special for us. Now, is the coffee still hot? Pass the thermos here."

 

They took pictures, passing the camera between them. The forest around them, the sun sparkling on the lake. Ducks on the water, slipping their way through the lakeweeds on the shore below where the two of them sat, content. 

They took pictures of each other, too. Or tried to.

"Come on!" Riikka said, trying to hold the camera steady through her laughter. "I can't get a good photo of you if you keep making those silly faces."

Jonna paused in her fish imitation, looking thoughtful for a moment. "But what if that's what my face naturally looks like?"

"You aren't silly all the time. And I'd like something nice to pin up by my desk."

"Well - all right." A broad smile, flashing pearly white teeth. "How's this?"

"A little less manic, please."

"... Is this better?"

"Yes. Hold on - ah, there." Riikka put the camera down. "That wasn't so hard, was it?" she asked.

Jonna shrugged. "I can't help it! Point a camera at me and my face does that on its own. Joona's the same way."

"I know, I know. I've seen your family photos." Riikka patted the ground beside her, and when Jonna sat next to her, she took up her previous position: curling against her girlfriend's larger form, leaning against her as she started to flip through the pictures on her camera.

"Speaking of family, I... um."

"Um, what?"

"Actually - it's nothing," Riikka said, trying to sound firm, and failing at it. "Don't worry about it."

"You're lying." Jonna's voice was light and singsong. She slid her arm around Riikka's shoulders, tugging her a bit closer. "Now, you tell me what's up. Hmm?"

They both fell quiet for a moment. Riikka thought about it, and Jonna waited, twirling a strand of Riikka's hair around one finger. Neither of them said anything; there was only the birdsong and the hush of leaves as the breeze ruffled them. Then, a deep breath.

"Have you thought about maybe telling someone about this? Um. Us. Telling your family about us."

The hair-fiddling stopped.
listened. Closed his eyes. Turned the volume up. Yes, it was a broadcast, he was sure.

The voice beneath the static was more like a sob, and suddenly the static gave way, and the words came in clear.


Help us. Please, God, anybody. Help us...


Aksel froze. The words were there. But they weren't like any voice he had ever heard. They were low, distorted, like a glitch audio file played backward. The words had teeth in them.

He pulled away from the radio and switched it off. Breathed deeply. Swallowed a couple of times. When he looked back toward his friends, Gøran and Sigrun were staring at him.

"What?" he asked, shoving his hands in his pockets, trying to look nonchalant.

"You look... uh..." Gøran started, then stopped, as if he wasn't quite sure how to describe it.

"...Like you're gonna throw up," Sigrun finished. "If you're going to be sick, don't do it in here, okay?"

Well, she was right. He did feel sick. "I just...." Breathe. Stop. Breathe. "I need some fresh air."

He grabbed his coat and headed to the door and pretended not to hear them asking if he was sure he would be all right.

Rain. Air. Cold.

Aksel shoved his coat on. Didn't bother to zip it. Stood underneath the roof's overhang to keep the water off. Inhaled and exhaled and tried to keep down the acid, tried to ease the churning in his stomach.

The sound played over in his head. Those words beneath the static. The voice that, when he thought about it, had sounded like many voices, all crying out together.

He shuddered and tried desperately not to vomit.

The door opened, then slammed shut. Heavy boots stomped out onto the landing.

"Hey, Aksel."

Sigrun. Aksel bit the inside of his cheek. He did like her, really, even if she was kind of an ass now and then, but part of him wanted to tell her to go. He didn't need her particular brand of humour right now.

But she'd come. Hadn't she. That did count for something, maybe. Aksel sighed, deflated, letting his shoulders droop. "Hi," he said, and turned around.

Sigrun stood there in her jacket with a cat in her arms, the furry one–eyed thing belonging to the store's owner. "You're not going to be sick, are you?" she asked, cocking her head to the side suspiciously.

"No! I'm fine." And somehow, he was, or at least his stomach had finally settled.

"Good." She stepped toward him and held out the cat. "Here, take this."

"Wha– well, okay..." Aksel didn't bother to hide his confusion as he carefully took the cat up in his arms, grateful that the old moggie didn't seem to mind being handed over like a sack of potatoes. "Why?"

"Because you like cats. And you looked like you were going to cry. I mean, you looked like you were gonna puke, but you also looked like you were going to cry."

"...Oh."

They stood there for a while. Sigrun turned away from him and stuffed her hands in the pockets of her rainslicker, looking out at the rain. Aksel pressed his face into the cat's fur and listened to the low rumble of its purring. Well, she was right, he did like cats, but....

"So. Are you going to tell me what's wrong, or am I going to have to drag it out of you?"

Oh.

"It's nothing. I'm fine."

"No, you're not. You looked like... well, I dunno. You looked really freaked out."

Aksel pursed his lips and pressed his face against the cat again. How could he explain it? He didn't even know what he'd actually heard. "The radio... Um."

"Oh, that." She turned to him, then. Looked up at him. "You know, before you got here, I was fiddling with it too. It's really creepy, ain't it? Those voices."

"So you heard it too? And you let me try it?!"

Sigrun shrugged. "Sure, why not? I wasn't sure if I was hearing something or if I was just imagining things. It was too weird."

"Argh...." It was all he could do to stop himself from throwing the cat at her and stalking away. It wouldn't be fair to the cat, after all. Instead, he looked away, gritting his teeth. Breathed in the cold damp air and tried not to get upset.

"What's your problem, anyway?"

Oh, for the love of – All the fresh air in the world wouldn't make
were – whatever it could be called when Nations went beyond allies into something else. It didn't matter what they called it. What mattered was the draw, which Denmark counted as good as a victory. What mattered was that they hadn't seen each other in too long.

"This's because I saved your ass, isn't it," Netherlands muttered as he worked at removing Denmark's clothing. Denmark had already stripped him to his underclothes, exhausted but making quick work of it, not giving a damn if he came off as over-eager.

"Really? Come on, Neds. You know better than that." Denmark flashed him a tired smile, pretending to look affronted. And maybe Netherlands did know him better than that, because the only response he gave to that was to roll his eyes and go back to work at taking everything off.

"So. You're happy to see me."

"Of course! Of course."

But when there was nothing but thin fabric between them, and when Denmark wrapped his arms around him again, they both knew exactly why he was being so clingy. Why he was pressing close. Why he rested his head on Netherlands' shoulder in the way that he did.

Denmark could feel Netherlands hesitate against him. Then the hands came up, settled on him, nice and big and grounding. He closed his eyes and breathed in, took in the scent.

Tobacco and the lingering tang of gunpowder. Even if he had arrived not on a warship but on a galiot full of cargo, the scent of the battle ad still settled all over him in the haze left by the cannons.

Don't think about that, Denmark thought. You probably smell like it too. And it's not like a little smoke ever bothered you, anyway.

Those familiar hands slid along him. Trailed down his back and down his sides, then up again, repeating slowly. But there was something about that touch that didn't really hint at sex, and not at comfort either. It seemed to be searching. Curious.

After a moment, Denmark realized what was going on. The siege had left him worn-out and ragged, that much was obvious, and his people had done no better. He'd lost bulk, that was sure. The look Netherlands had given him the moment they saw one another flashed back to him. That "You look like hell" expression. The way his eyebrows lifted in surprise, not because Denmark had taken a hit over the last few months, but because it was so obvious.

Well, Denmark thought. Well. Shit happens. He wouldn't usually let any nation other than his brother see him in a condition like this, but there wasn't anything he could do about it now.

He straightened himself up. Drew himself up enough to kiss him. Felt that hold close around him again, and then a large hand came up to cup his head. The kiss he got in return was firm, hard, in control, and after only a second he gave up and let him lead, feeling fragile against him and hating it.

But hey, Denmark told himself, at least we're pals. Allies. Right?

Maybe he shouldn't have given up so easily. Put up more of a fight. That was fun; playing a little rough was always sure to be a good time. It added a little something. But he was tired, and he'd had enough of fighting.

So he broke the kiss, and muttered, "Bed?" against Netherlands' lips. And the reply was a shove, but a gentle one, and that was all the answer he needed.

Bed. 

Bed, but not sleep.

They rested together afterward. Netherlands said little, as usual, and for once Denmark didn't feel like talking.

Denmark snuffed out the candle and curled up against Netherlands in the dark. For a while, he closed his eyes and listened to the sound of him breathing. In. Out. Steady.

After a moment, Denmark realized why the sound was so even. He'd fallen asleep already. What a guy.

Denmark held back the urge to prod him. To jab him in the ribs and whisper "Neds! Wake up, don't pass out on me yet." He'd take it badly, and anyway, there was nothing more to say. Netherlands had what he wanted, and as for Denmark, he was in no state for round two.

Too bad, really.

But the warmth beside him was more than fine. Denmark sighed against him and settled in.

It wouldn't do any good to get attached. He knew it. Oh, Norway had approached him about it a while back. When he was just starting to cozy up to Netherlands, getting friendly with him, that was when Norway had turned up his nose and said in that way of his: "Don't get too friendly. He'll use you, brother. When he smiles, you pay. Remember that."
his breath as he tied the lines, letting the spell roll off his tongue. He knew the spell for fishing, and it wouldn't hurt to use it now. The supplies were low, he was sure, and while they wouldn't have any more bread, it wouldn't hurt to make sure that there was something edible in their supper.

He could feel Emil's eyes on him. Lalli's brows furrowed. He frowned, and then tried to ignore him. It was best to ignore him. Even if he could explain what he was doing, Emil wouldn't understand.

There was a lot that Emil didn't understand.

They baited the lines. Fished for a while. It wasn't long before the bites started to come in. The fish that they pulled up were small and slim and not very good for eating, but they were fish nonetheless. Maybe something could be made of them.

Emil was fidgety. He kept brushing his hair out of his face. Opening his mouth, sucking in a breath as if he was going to say something, then sad nothing, as if he thought better of it. Then checking on the fish in their bucket, as if he thought they'd gone somewhere, or maybe just to distract himself.

Lalli glanced at him. He almost wished that Sigrun had come instead. Almost.

Emil did speak. After a while. Eventually. The words that came were soft, quiet. Lalli listened, and couldn't catch them. It was a load of Swedish nonsense and he couldn't grasp it. Too many words that he didn't know.

Not that it was likely to be anything important, anyway. But not too long ago, he wouldn't have minded hearing it, even if it wasn't anything important. Right?

Lalli thought about this for a moment. Huffed, and then dropped another little fish into the bucket. Then he sat down on the stream's bank, and pointed to the space beside him.

"Sit," he said. It was in Finnish, but at least his point was clear. Emil sank down beside him – after checking that the spot was dry – and cleared his throat as if to speak, then thought better of it.

Lalli didn't look at him. He wound the spare line neatly in his hands, and waited for Emil to speak again. Waited for him to say something, anything. Wondered if he even wanted him to speak.

And then the words came, and he didn't understand any of them, and it was annoying. Lalli turned his head away, and let Emil blather on, ignoring him.

It wasn't that he was still angry. It wasn't. Not at all. It was only....

Lalli bit the inside of his cheek and thought about it. If I could talk to you properly, he thought, would that make this better?

No, he thought. Probably not. It never had before, with anyone else, ever. So it wouldn't help with Emil, either.

He put the spare line in his pocket, and paused as he found something there. Pulling it out, he realized what it was. Wax paper. Bread and cheese. The packet that Emil had passed to him at lunch.

The inside of his gut pinched. He'd been running around all day, and supper wouldn't be for a while. And it must have been the last of the cheese; they'd been rationing it carefully, but they were low on everything. He hadn't even realized there had been any left at all. 

Slowly, he unwrapped the paper, not caring if Emil noticed or not, or if he wanted any or not. If Emil didn't save anything for himself, it wasn't Lalli's problem, was it?

Something written on the inside of the paper made him pause. Lalli frowned, then smoothed it out on his knee to read it.

It was written carefully, in Finnish, in Emil's handwriting.


I'm sorry.


Lalli stared at it for a moment.

Beside him, Emil had stopped talking. He was quiet, silent, as if he was holding his breath.

Lalli traced the lines of the letters. They smudged a little under his glove, but they were still visible. Still legible. Still there.

Emil had probably asked Tuuri how to say it. He wouldn't have been able to figure it out on his own. But the fact that they were written meant that he did think to ask. And he did write it down. He wrote it down himself.

But why didn't you say it? Lalli thought. It didn't matter that every time Emil tried to say anything in Finnish, it came out clumsily, barely sounding like whatever word or phrase it was supposed to be. 

And, Lalli thought, feeling another flash of irritation, did he even know what he was apologizing for?

"Lalli?"

Emil's voice beside him was soft
Something stirs to the south of me. It comes across the gulf, speeds across the water, flies on the air.

The storm battered you for a while, but now you sing against it.

So I'll sing, let my voice rise, give strength to yours, so that your voice will never grow hoarse. May you sing with the volume of a thousand winds, your voice like a wind you have caught and trapped in rope: unleash it now.

From where will I sing for you? Here I, powerless, sing for you, at the door to my home, from my rocky shore, across the strait between us. From here I give you support in my voice, from here I lend you my song, from here I lend you the air in my lungs. Let my throat go raw instead of yours.

And if that isn't enough, then I lend you the strength of the gulf, the steadiness of the tides between us. May it seep into the cracks of the stone you rise against and shatter them.

If you exert yourself, let nine exert themselves. I have heard of linked hands and joined voices. May your neighbours lend you strength, may your songs fill the air as an endless chain of notes.

I will sing for your strength.

I will sing for your voice.

I will sing for you so that you may sing at him.

May your voice never grow hoarse.

When the dust settled, it was fine. It was fine. It was fine.

Finland invited him across the water. All it took was a handful of telephone calls and hardly any persuading at all. After a while, Estonia came. 

He did not come without conditions. "Not for long," Estonia said. "I can't be gone for long. You understand, don't you?" A few days. A week, perhaps. At the most.

Finland understood. The ink was still wet on the documents. The wound had barely been dressed. Still, he said, "Come see me. I miss you."

And without further protest, Estonia came.

Finland opened the door when he heard the knock, still so familiar. Took a good look at him. "Well!" he said.

"Well?" Estonia asked.

"Well." Finland cupped his face. Took in the tired eyes, the exhaustion that had settled in them, a look he had seen every time they had chanced to see one another in the last hundred years. It was similar as before, but not the same. Better this time.

He tilted his head and kissed him. Felt his mouth yield instantly, not even a hint of surprise in it. Felt his body yield, too. Pressed him gently to the door and felt his hands come up, felt his long arms wrap around him.

It was good. It was enough. It was more than enough. He had missed it.

They talked later in the warmth of Finland's apartment. Strong tea. Cinnamon rolls. Finland kept quiet for once, held his tongue at bay. Ignored the rawness in his throat and stirred honey into his tea while he listened while Estonia spoke of his plans.

And when he moved his hand to cover Estonia's with his own, he felt him relax, soft under his touch. Warm. Their fingers knitted together, fitting perfectly as they always had.

Always would.

Estonia talked, and Finland listened. Deep into the night, they spoke of good things.

The future looked so bright.