just found his own in a pretty unusual way.

If he had to be completely honest, Feliciano Vargas had become quite fond of the routine, enough to nurture some expectations, like having his uniforms cleaned and ironed day by day, something edible at hand, and – ugh – someone to wait for him.

That's why, when he came home at 4 AM, one morning, to notice that all the lights were switched off and there was nothing ready in the fridge, microwave, or on the table, his first reaction was sheer irritation.

That is, until he noticed that there were signs of vomit in the kitchen sink – then, irritation became proper rage. 

Dumbass!

Had he attempted to kill himself? At his place?

Granted, he had never made it a mystery that he had enough shit in his cabinet to put out an elephant, but had Gilbert really...?

Dumbass, and moron!

Pissed beyond salvation, the brunette switched on all the lights.

“Gilbert!” he yelled in his most stern tone “What the Hell did you do? Gilbert!”

As no one replied, just the slightest hue of fear mingled with his blind anger.

Then, he found him. 

The albino was on the bathroom's floor, jerking uncontrollably. 

Fantastic!
A tonic-clonic seizure!

What the fuck had he ingested?

Oh, shit!
Not after a 12-hour-long shift, he had had enough for the day of suicidal folks, accidents, and whatnot.

He was so gonna pay for being so stupid.

Fortunately, soon enough his medical self kicked in, silencing the rest of his brain.

He grabbed some injectable Valium – thanks God for leftovers from his own previous, unsuccessful treatments, indeed, 'cause there was no way he could give him pills – and loaded the albino with enough medication to stop the damn seizure, as another portion of his consciousness scanned the room for empty bottles of drugs.

Nothing.
Not even some Tylenol.

Even in his cabinet, everything was right where he had left it.

What the...?
Did he have epilepsy? And he didn't even wear a Med-Alert bracelet?

Just how moronic could he possibly...! 

Suddenly, Gilbert's voice halted his thoughts.

“... what the fuck...?” he murmured, confused, but quite healthy-looking, at least to be someone who had just had a bout of grand mal “Oh, fuck...!”

As quickly as it had taken over, Doctor Vargas' hegemony subsided, leaving behind only a very angry Feliciano.

“Oh, good! Other than being dumb and suicidal, you even have epilepsy?” 

“I don't...!”

“Where the Hell is your med alert bracelet, huh?” 

“I-”

“Ah, never mind! You need to go to ER, right now. Have you had other seizures, today?” 

“No, and-”

“Did you throw up, too? Do you have an headache, nausea? Blurred vision?”

“Not not, but listen, I-”

“You're the dumbest being I know! You could have died right here, if I hadn't come home, and if I hadn't had some injectable Valium left! And this is why I hate people like you! You always act irresponsibly, messing up with someone else's life! Dumbass! Jerk! You-”

Swiftly, two arms encircled his waist, pulling him close into a tight hug.

“Stop it.” a voice echoed, hushed “Stop crying for me. Seriously. It's not worth the effort.”

Feliciano Vargas' heart skipped a beat, as his nerves registered the sensation of wet tears running down his cheeks.

 

******

That morning, the shame had been so prominent he had decided not to drag the dumbass to the hospital, making him promise he wouldn't bring up what happened ever again.

He still did steal some Diastat from the Chicago General's supplies, but it was for own peace of mind as a doctor – he couldn't allow someone to die in his house, from a known, mostly treatable condition. 

He had a reputation to hold up to, somehow.

But, as much as he didn't want to think about the damn tonic-clonic episode (mostly to avoid the consequent and  inescapable memory of him not even noticing he had started crying like a little girl), this time he was out of luck.

Gilbert Weilschmidt had started to appear sicker and sicker.

Frequent headaches, bouts of nausea and vomit, and the constant feeling that he really wasn't quite like himself anymore – at least, for what Feliciano could know about him, of course.

But he seemed forgetful, absent, imprecise, grumpy.

He had no energy left for sex.

There.
He was forced to act like the mature one again, and bring the idiot to get checked – some blood-tests, and a full physical were the first things that came into Doctor Vargas' mind, but a talk with a neuro didn't seem that bad either.

Maybe he didn't know he had epilepsy? Maybe he had had some milder
...!”

 

“Oh, I so would. And I will.”

 

Kimishita bowed down, taking the red-head's member into his mouth in one fell swoop.

His mate gasped, his body contorted in the effort to simultaneously meet and avoid the pleasure radiating from his groin.

 

It was just a mere moment, though.

 

“Y-You're still the one sucking cock...!” Ooshiba retorted as soon as he managed to steady his mind enough to speak “Ah-ha!”

 

Kimishita's smug smile only widened.

He locked his eyes with Ooshiba's, his head movements slowing down but never coming to a halt.

Then, very calmly, he raised a finger, making sure the stupid red-head could see it well, before making the whole hand disappear between Ooshiba's legs.

 

The forward gasped, badly.

 

“O-Ohi!” he hurriedly protested “Y-You moron...! You don't really want to...?!”

 

Ooshiba's unspoken answer became obvious when he felt a fingertip smearing a trail of saliva and fluids from the base of his penis all the way down to his hole.

 

“K-Kimishita...! D-Don't...!”

 

It was a lot less painful than he had envisioned.

The finger slid in smoothly and gently, making the red-head briefly wonder if he had been mistaken in insisting to always top – before his pride regained leadership and mentally smacked him, of course.

 

Kimishita pulled back, panting slightly.

 

“I might be the one sucking cock, but you have a finger up your ass and you should see the expression on your face.” 

 

The midfielder's eyes sparkled for a moment, in a way that couldn't mean anything good.

 

“Wait, rather, let me...”

 

He trailed off, his unoccupied roaming the nightstand until it found his half-destroyed iPhone.

 

“Don't you dare taking a picture of me!”

 

Kimishita Atsushi's face produced the most falsely angelical expression ever.

 

“Ooooh? But why not? It could be a good way to keep yourself from saying bullshit in the future, don't you think?”

 

Ooshiba Kiichi tried to reply, but the stupid brunet started moving his finger in and out, still holding onto his phone in a threatening manner.

 

“S-Shut the fuck up!”

 

“I was shutting the fuck up, by sucking your dick, but you just had to complain about that too, you imbecile moron...” 

 

Ooshiba blushed – or at least, he became even redder than he already was, although the reason could very well have been Kimishita slowly trying to work a second finger inside.

 

The red-head went silent.

Kimishita stopped moving.

 

“... what's wrong...?” he inquired, but weirdly, there was no trace of mockery, this time.

 

He even went as far as discarding again his phone, with a gentleness that immediately explained why the poor thing was kept together by clear tape.

 

Ooshiba opened his mouth, floundering briefly before whispering a half-mumbled “Never mind.”

 

The midfielder sighed, shaking his head.

 

“It's your first time.” he said and it wasn't a question – it was a statement. 

 

A statement that elicited utter outrage from his mate, apparently.

 

“I-It's not true!” he proudly declared “I have had multiple girlfriends. And I fucked you too, is age making you forgetful or your eyesight is so bad you didn't recognize me the last 25 times or so we have fucked?! Or-ah!”

 

Shaking his head, Kimishita curled his finger with the sole intention of making him shut up.

And succeeding.

 

“I mean that it's your first time taking anything up your stupid ass, you brainless dimwit. I was sure you had at least... tried. On your own, or something.” 

 

“O-Of course not! I'm not a perv like somebody else I know!”

 

“Which just goes to show I was right.”

 

Ooshiba tried to speak once more, but he was evidently – and obviously – at a loss.

 

Bingo.

 

Kimishita took another deep breath.

“As much as I hate to say it, stupid Kiichi, I won't hurt you.” he started out, doing his best not to chuckle as he saw blatant relief spreading over Ooshiba's face “If you don't like it, speak up and I'll stop. If you like it, but are scared-”

 

“I-I'm not fucking scared!”

 

He curled his finger again.


“

A-Ah

!”


 

“I wasn't done speaking. It's rude to interrupt people, you uneducated dumbass.” he cleared his throat ostentatiously “So, like I was trying to say before your stupid mouth just felt the urge to interrupt me – if you're just scared, but you like it, we'll take it slowly. I've done this to myself long before ending up with Mr. Let's-have-sex-in-a-hurry, here, so I know a trick or two.”

 

Ooshiba raised a brow.

 

“W
starched cuffs of his uniform had drawn on his pale skin.

 

He sighed.

 

The sound of his boots echoing down the corridors announced his presence long before his figure made its appearance by the door behind him.

 

Their eyes met, but just for a second.

He couldn't sustain that gaze for long.

 

He nodded in acknowledgment and shame crept up like a vile hand closing around his throat, making him rub his wrists harder and harder, as the sting he felt broke the grasp of his own ignominy for the briefest moment.

 

The man bowed slightly in front of him, respectfully, and wasn't it almost funny? How everyone from his point of view was just a pair of overly-polished, leather boots swarming around a shadowy room?

 


Somebody handed the man some papers, and he watched him refuse them with an authoritative swat of his hand. A sheet was pushed in front of his eyes, too.


 

“This gigantic struggle is nothing other than a phase in the logical development of our revolution ...”

The words hit him like a slap and he fiercely shook his head, disgusted by his own relief when the paper was swiftly pulled away.

 

Suddenly, a roar of voices and clapping hands, so loud that even the wind seemed to be holding its breath.

 

He raised his head, just in time to see the man step onto the balcony, his shoulders straight and firm, as if no feelings could touch him at all.

 

How fortunate, wasn't he?

 

The man was speaking.

The man was speaking, but he couldn't hear a single word, as the sound of his thumping heart loudly filled his ears.

 

 Breathing became hard, all of a sudden, and he brought his shaking hand to his throat.

Maybe his collar was too tight – yes, surely that was why he was gasping for air in a still day of early June, in a mid-lit room.

 

He ran his finger around the hem of his shirt, tugging as much as he could, desperately praying for some air to make it to his strained lungs, in vain.

 

“This was the best decision, Sir.” someone around him whispered in a tone way too low not to be laden with pity.

 

Decision.

Which part of that had been a decision?

Which part in the path he had just cowardly followed had been dictated by his will?

 

The word “honor” echoed equally loudly in the room and inside of his head, followed by the screeching noise of raucous cheers.

 

Which part of any of that was honorable?

Was there a part of him which could still pride itself with that word at all?

 

As the last grams of his strength left his body, he stopped tugging.

His arm fell lifelessly along his thigh and all he could do was stare, stare down at his pretty uniform, at all the decorations that adorned it, at all the badges he hadn't earned.

 

“You deserve them, Sir.” they had told him “You are the very Reason why this was possible, Sir.”

 

He was supposed to be in charge, wasn't he?

And he had almost looked self-assured when he had looked at himself in the mirror that morning, when he had distastefully rejoiced about the prim and orderly way all those medals futilely embellished his chest.

 

No, no, no!

Enough!

 

He wasn't supposed to doubt himself.

Millions of people depended on him, on his strength.

Millions of people were now cheering for a decision that, maybe, he hadn't taken personally, but that he hadn't obstructed either.

 

Yes, people were happy, outside, weren't they?

They were screaming, and whistling, and clapping their hands.

 

This meant he had been good, right?

 

Yes, that had to be the reason.

 


Suddenly, the man's stern and rough voice entered his perception by force, as if his sense of hearing had been restored all of a sudden.



“The single order of the day is categorical and obligatory for all. It already spreads and fires hearts from the Alps to the Indian Ocean...” 

Yes, he had been good.
There was no need for him to shake, now was there?

“Victory!” 

More thundering voices echoed.
He forced himself to smile, feeling his cheeks quiver under the strain of such a pressure.

“And we will win, in order finally to give a long period of peace with justice to Italy, to Europe, and to the world.”

He had been good.
He had done the right thing, yes.

“People of Italy! Rush to arms and show your tenacity, your courage, your valor!”

The loudest roar of all erupted, and he was almost sure his heart would just stop beating right there, right then.

Turning around with a dignity he himself wouldn't master in a million years, the man walked back inside, graciously shaking the hands of everyone in the room who complimented him on such an “encouraging, heartfelt speech”.

Yes, he had been good and he was even smiling, now, wasn't he?
He outstretched his frail, jittery
s still gaping lips let out a low growl.



He clenched his fists, tightly. Or, at least, it looked like it from Kimishita's unfavorable position. 


 

“Who made you reopen the shop exactly? It was your idea.”

 

“Because you were drawing unwanted attention, you moron. I work here, I don't want the neighbors to complain.”

 

“YOU were calling me stupid! And if the neighbors complain it's because you're insufferable!”

 

“First of all, you are stupid. Secondly, everybody in the hood loves me, you're out of luck.”

 

“Just shut up for a damn second!”

 


Silence followed.


 


In his shadowy corner, Ooshiba Kiichi trembled. 



He let go of his bag, letting it hit the ground with a thud that seemed to surprise him.


 

“You...” he eventually started out, hissing through gritted teeth “... you were right.”

 


Kimishita forced out a chuckle, choking that weird sense of insecurity that was starting to coil around his stomach.


 

“I always am, you dimwit. So what?”

 


He was expecting some form of retorting. 



Kimishita Atsushi was really just waiting for some sort of mean comment to be blurted out and bring that strange evening back to some semblance of normality, but his anticipation was met by some more silence, barely interrupted by a feeble, almost imperceptible noise he couldn't quite figure out.


 

“... well? You came all the way here just to tell me that I was right to inform that being too eager to just kick every and all balls as hard as you can is not a smart way to play? Seriously? I knew that already, thank you very much. Rather, try and reflect on why you couldn't figure that shit out any sooner.”

 


That faint, weird sound intensified and it was familiar, almost too familiar and irritating, almost as if... 


 


As if Tsukamoto was there?


 


It dawned on him all of a sudden.



Kimishita Atsushi stood up, quickly covering the distance separating him from his club mate.



He grabbed him by the wrist and pulled him out of darkness and under the yellowish halo of the ceiling lamp.


 


Big, round tears were trickling down his cheeks, slowly pooling around his chin only to fall freely all over his shirt. His mouth was pinched in a line, body stiff and limbs shaking in a blatant display of rage.


 


Kimishita gasped.



That was not what he had thought he'd see. 


 


Not at all, not in a million years.



Not on stupid Ooshiba's face.


 


Had that taken him off guard?


 


Yes. 



Definitely.


 


What the holy hell was that idiot crying over?



And why the fuck had he come to his shop for? Just to stand in a dark corner and weep like an infant? And what was he supposed to do with... all that? How on Earth was he supposed to even react?


 

“O-Ohi...?!” he asked, hoping his surprise wouldn't bee too obvious “Are you trying to imitate Tsukamoto in an attempt to make the coach stop swapping you out for him?” 

 

“SHUT UP!”

 


Ooshiba's answer was quicker and louder than he expected.


 

“You don't understand, you stupid Kimishita! You never do! How am I supposed to feel, in your fucking opinion? Weeks spent trying to figure out what the fuck was wrong and then you randomly just fucking open your mouth and boom! Everything makes sense!”

 

“It's not my fault if you lack even such a basic level of critical thinking, reall-”

 

“I told you to shut up! You don't fucking get it! You are not the one who always ends up being swapped out for a complete newbie who can barely run without tripping over his own feet.”

 

“To be fair, at times, he doesn't even manage that-”

 

“SHUT. THE HELL. UP! I'm not fucking done with you! You don't get it and you just …! You call me stupid, you say I lack a 'base level of intelligence', but what if it really was you the one who didn't understand shit, this time, eh, fucking Kimishita?”

 

“You should try and vary your insults, because I think you used 'fucking' at least five times in the last thirty seconds.”

 

“YOU FUCKING MORON!”

 

“And there you go agai-”

 


A moment.



Just a fleeting second that Kimishita could see almost in slow motion.



Ooshiba grabbing him again by the collar, Ooshiba pulling him close enough that he could feel his panting breath on his cheek. Ever so slowly, closer and closer, until he could discern all the stupid and insignificant details of that moron's skin, including a pretty unsightly pimple, until a growl resounded and Kimishita was shoved against a precariously stashed pile of boxes. 


 


Ooshiba grabbed his lips between his teeth, hungrily kissing him as his hands still feverishly pushed him against that unstable tower of cardboard. 


 


A box of shoelaces fell from the top, but Ooshiba didn't let go.


 


Kimishita's eyes closed. 


 


A kiss.



That moron had shown up
punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

Huh?

Don't you barbarians read the BBC?

 


http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-23346370



Arthur

 

 

From: lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

He's so dense it's almost chouette!

 

Sent from Francis's iPhone

 

 

From: therealgentleman@gmailcom,

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

FUCK U, you stupid frog eater!
Arthur

 

 

From: tomatillo@hotmail.it,

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

WTF is this?

And stop using the motherfucking stupid email that idiotic spaniard created for me!

 

Sent from my iPhone

 

 

From: lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

We all know it's the only one you check, tomatillo! Hehehehe!

 

Sent from Francis's iPhone

 

 

From: torerocaliente@gmail.com,

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, tomatillo@hotmail.it, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

Hola everyone!

 

I'm not sure I get this thread?

 

Much Love,

Tonio

 

 

From: awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:...

 

our gentleman isnt the only dense one it seems, lol

 

Sent from my Android device

 

 

From: tomatillo@hotmail.it,

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: ABSOLUTE ABOMINATION

 

WTF IS THAT EMAIL ABOUT?!

WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT ATTACHMENT ABOUT?!

WTF?!

 

OH YOURE SO DEAD STUPID KRAUT!

 

 

Sent from my iPhone

 

 

From: awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:ABSOLUTE ABOMINATION

 

lol better late than never XD

 

Sent from my Android device

 

 

From: lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:ABSOLUTE ABOMINAT....

 

Oh, things are getting heated!

Time to grab popcorn and wine!

 

Sent from Francis's iPhone

 

 

From: therealgentleman@gmailcom,

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re:ABSOLUTE ABOMIN...

 

It's always a good time for you to drink wine, blasted alcoholic.


Arthur

 

 

From: lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, iamhere@gmail.com

 

Subject: Re:Re:Re:Re:ABSOLUTE ABOM...

 

Ooooh, Mr. BBC is still reading!

Hohoho!

 

Sent from Francis's iPhone

 

From: awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de

To: punctualityisthepolitenessofkings@gmx.de

CC: pastaforever@libero.it, lamourtouslesjours@hotmail.fr, torerocaliente@gmail.com, tomatillo@hotmail.it, awesssssssssomeme@gmx.de, landsofthefree@gmail.com, iamhere@gmail.com

Subject: Re:Re:Re
The spoon clinked lightly as he turned the brownish liquid inside the small cup.

Coffee was an acquired taste for him. Not that he didn't drink it before... well, him, but it was more of a sterile need for caffeine, rather than a ritual or a pleasure.

 

Back then, coffee was just coffee.

Short, long, diluted, cold, hot – as long as it could keep him effectively awake during his long rounds of paperwork check, it was all the same to him.

 

Then, something happened.

Or rather, someone happened.

 

And a multitude of different tastes and routines entered his life: espresso, macchiato, cappuccino, caffé shakerato. Every specialty had its own time and place during the day, its own preparations, its own pros and cons.

 

He still remembered his crystalline laughter that time he had tried to order a cappuccino after lunch.

 

“You don't do that, Ludwig!” he had exclaimed “You simply don't do it! Cappuccino is for breakfast, to drink while you eat a cornetto!”

 

A mistake only a newbie could do, mmm?

He had a lot of things to learn, a lot of things he wanted to share with that marvelous, skinny force of nature he had come across. And, somehow, that brown, aromatic liquid seemed to be the perfect bond for their relationship as it filled in the gaps and differences of their opposite personalities with the round, full taste of an espresso.

 

Ludwig Weilschmidt had never drank coffee after dinner, no.

Well, truth to be told he had never had coffee after breakfast time, before little Feliciano had entered his existence. But seeing him humming happily as he prepared his beloved moka after he was done with the dishes, hearing the comforting, gurgling sound of that tiny machine had slowly become a big part of his evening routine.

 

Even if his body wasn't used to caffeine at that time, causing him to lay awake and toss and turn in bed.

 

“You should really try decaffeinato, Ludwig! That's like espresso, almost, but without caffeine. Even if it's not that bad when you're awake. A lot of things that are very interessanti happen when you're awake...!”

 

He always winked as he said that, night after night, coupling that sentence with one of his disarming giggles.

 

Feliciano always drank espresso, anyway.

Morning, lunchtime, after dinner – always espresso, always the same: very hot and with half a spoonful of sugar.

 

And maybe it was naive to think so, but in Ludwig's eyes that really was a proof, the blatant sign that, despite the looks, the frailer, most insecure one wasn't the tiny Italian.

 

As for the decaffeinato, despite part of his pride screaming that he should endure his espressos like a real man, he had promised himself he'd buy some, one day. All in all, it looked like a good compromise, being able to enjoy his evening coffee huddled on the sofa with Feliciano, while still retaining the ability to sleep and be effective in the morning.

 

Somehow, though, he had never really done it.

 

Feliciano died on a windy morning of March.

He was crossing the street while going to work. The light was green for him, all the witnesses had sworn, but a car had turned nonetheless.

 

The doctors at the hospital had told him he didn't suffer, as death was instantaneous.

 

Ludwig had never realized how many things could remind him of his little Italian until every single one of them had become nothing but a painful memory.

 

Maybe that was the real reason why, in the end, he had never tried a decaffeinato – to be still able to put that old, stained moka on the stove, to hear it gurgle as the coffee was slowly getting ready.

 

With or without espresso, he was going to stay up all night anyway.

Crying into a tiny cup of brown liquid.

 


- The End - 


 

 
's so much easier to goThan face all this pain here all alone


(“Easier to Run” - Linkin Park)


 

“Did Makoto enter the freestyle competition as well?”

Matsuoka Rin didn't know why his own voice sounded so surprised.

He had seen it coming, after all – maybe not now, maybe not like this, but this whole situation had been very obvious to him for quite a while already.

And, possibly, to him alone?

To be fair, he had never truly expected Haruka to understand, as unintentionally blindsided as he was, but Makoto? Rin had really thought he'd realize much sooner.

Just like it had happened to himself after that science lesson back then, when suddenly everything had become crystal clear.

“A black hole is a place in space where gravity pulls so much that even light can not get out.”, his teacher had explained and there it was, in front of his very eyes, the solution to his struggles.

Haruka was like a black hole, everything gravitated around him, pulled in with an incredible force.Makoto was like a ray of sunshine, sucked into Haruka's field so violently that all of his light was promptly smothered.

It made sense, didn't it?

To Rin it did. It explained that weird feeling of fear and excitement he had whenever he was near Haru-chan, like the void in your stomach when you're in the car and go down a slope a bit too fast.

For a while – a short while, thankfully – he had been like sunlight as well, pivoting around Haruka and being dragged lower and lower by that immense, inexplicable gravity.

“And... how do you win against a black hole?”

“You don't, Matsuoka-kun.” the teacher had replied, smiling fondly “You just try to stay as far as possible from them, or you get sucked in.”

And that's exactly what Rin had done. He hadn't been too sure if a few thousand miles and a continent in between him and his collapsed star would really be enough “not to get sucked in”, but, at least, it had been easy to explain to everyone else. Prestigious swimming-centered school to continue his studies, a huge effort in not wanting to disappoint his deceased father and all that jazz.

Nobody had questioned his intentions, back then.Except Makoto, of course. Poor fella probably wasn't even aware, but his gaze, his eyes as Rin had announced he was moving to Australia...

They were begging.Begging for an answer, for a way out, for that same relief that had been so scary and yet welcomed for Rin himself.

That's why he had honestly thought Makoto wouldn't last much longer.Not like that, right next to Haru-chan, not supporting his every move with the same abnegation of a parent raising his child, without expecting nothing in return.

If only because – and again Makoto himself didn't fully get that – he did want something (anything?) in return. Not necessarily something astounding, even just a word, a gesture, a sign of acknowledgement would have been enough.

But once again, the black hole metaphor was way too fitting – it didn't matter how much love, passion and dedication Makoto poured into Haruka. Nothing would ever come out of it.

That was why Rin had been surprised.Flash forward a few years, and there he was, still next to Haru-chan, still subdued, chained, bound.

However...

However once more Makoto's eyes were speaking a lot clearer than his conscious self, and there was something else, this time. Something Rin couldn't quite understand. It was a gleam, a faint sparkle, it was...

Anger?

He could only hope that was the case as that would be the healthiest emotion Makoto had ever felt in regards to his situation with Haruka.

Rin had just come back from Australia, from his liberation, from his self-reaffirmation and Makoto, in return, was close, so very close to his breaking point.

And he didn't even see it clearly yet.

So Rin had watched. He had observed Makoto as he transformed into a ticking bomb, day by day, minute by minute, hoping he would be able to rationalize and yet knowing all too well a huge blast would be the only viable solution for him to break free.

Rin looked at him as his strokes fended the water out of pure despair.Of course, he knew. Of course, Makoto was aware that you need to pace yourself during a 200 meters competition, or you'll end up way too exhausted to really be a match, especially for someone like Haruka.

But it didn't matter to him, and Rin was aware of that. Winning or losing wasn't important to Makoto, not anymore. And, most of all, not there, in the lane right next to Haruka's, in a huge competition, in front of everybody else.

He was swimming towards his salvation and that was it. Just like Rin,