The first thought Sasha, codename 'Cain', had when he felt the drift compatibility with the blond kid across from him was oh fuck.

The second thought was mmm, that ass.

The boy wasn't very tall, his hair was messy as hell, and he was panting hard from the sparring, but there was a glint in his eyes, the same light he knew must be showing in his eyes at the moment. Even with the split lip bleeding down his chin, he looked ready to put up a fight.

Cain had a reputation to maintain, so he sneered, staff at the ready. "Why so mad? Have I upset your delicate sensitivities, princess?"

The kid frowned. "My name's Ethan."

"Well, princess," he continued. "Looks like you're it. The feeling doesn't lie; we're compatible. You're gonna have to get used to it."

He could feel the grin stretching his face as he leapt forward, bearing down on Ethan. He was going to savour that deer-in-the-headlights look for months to come.

Ethan, newly codenamed 'Abel' (he wondered who in the command had such a sick sense of humor, since Cain was going to kill and/or drive him insane him one of these days) sighed for the millionth time as he stabbed at what the military called 'food', and what the rest of them called radioactive waste.

"I'm serious, Ethos. Would you kindly stop finding humor at my misery?"

The other pilot tried to suppress his chuckles, but his shoulders continued shaking. "Wh...what? I-I'm not ...pfft...l-laughing..."

"I still fail to see how this is a cause for laughter! I'm going to go insane. My co-pilot is the hardest person to deal with, ever! He's all brusque and rude and doesn't have a sense of personal space! He just leans into me at the most inopportune times and distracts me from important things and... Would you stop laughing!"

Beside Ethos, Deimos just quietly shook his head. "...he really doesn't know." 

The other co-pilot's eyes widened. "Wait, seriously? ...oh, I'm sorry, Abel. I thought you already knew." Ethos gathered up his tray with all the speed of a desperate man. Deimos did the same, vacating the table in record time. "Um, really sorry about this, but I just remembered that I have...an appointment with...with medical! Hope you work things out with Cain soon!"

"Know what?!" Abel almost screeched at their retreating backs.


Traitors.


He turned to Praxis, about to ask him what the hell was going on, only to find that he, too, had vanished.

Et tu, Brute? 

The drift was a strange thing. 

It felt like floating in a sea of stars, only the void between the lights was pure white and filled with memories. In the the drift, they were simply parts of the whole, moving together in destroying the kaijuu.

Their memories mixed at the edges. Abel discovered what proper borscht tasted like, while Cain got his look at some of the more embarrassing stuff that he definitely did not want Cain to see.

They caught their breathes as the Genesis awaited recovery. The latest kaijuu to get through the rift was a Category Three, codenamed 'Colteran', and they had fought against it for a harrowing forty-five minutes, finally managing to kill it

With a gasp, Cain removed his helmet, breathing in the relatively clear air outside of it. Beside him, Abel did the same, his hair tousled from being crushed under the plastic and metal.

"Did you really get picked to do a kissing booth in high school? Wow, and with so many girls, too." Were the first words out of his mouth. He enjoyed the raging blush that spreaded across Abel's face.

"S-Shut up! It was for a school fundraiser! It wasn't my fault that all the girls wanted to do it!" He snapped at Cain, almost hissing like a bristling cat. "Don't tell anyone, or I swear to god I will kick you somewhere painful!"

Cain thumbed the mechanism, and with the sound of metal clanking he dropped down to the floor. He made his way over to Abel's part of the cockpit.

"Care to add one more to that number?"

"W-what are you-!"

Cain pulled down, and their lips met.

They kissed each other under the electric lights, and when they broke apart, Abel only looked at him with sudden realization.

"Oh. So that's what they're talking about."

"Yeah. Sure took you awhile, even with the drift. Do you want to go murder the rest of them after we...talk...about it? Somewhere with more privacy?"

"You bring the feathers, I'll bring the tar."
s obi was tied incorrectly, and there was a magnificent hickey developing at an exposed spot on his neck. 



Genji saw the embarrassed looks they were throwing at each other and at him. He was suddenly glad that his mask hid his face, because he felt the smuggest, most aggravating smile creeping up on his lips. 



“Aaah, I remember my days of intimacy.” He struggled to not laugh aloud. From the expression on Hanzo’s face, he was failing miserably. “Might I suggest bringing a softer padding the next time you pursue such activities in the open? I must say, if there’s one thing I do not miss it’s the chafing that comes with outdoor sex.”



Hanzo pinched the bridge of his nose as McCree asked, “Ya must have a lot of experience with that, huh pardner?” The cowboy said, looking like he was slapping himself internally for even asking. Hanzo looked homicidal.



“Well, neither Dr. Ziegler or you, Anija, were exactly responsible for these particular set of scratches on my behind, if you know what I mean.” 

Kami above, this is too good. Look at how he is blushing! 




“We are never talking about this. Especially 

you, 

fool. 

Never,

” he hissed as McCree opened his mouth again. 



It was a painful walk back for McCree, since Hanzo took every opportunity to step on his foot. Genji resolved to enjoy this for as long as possible.



4.


 


Ana knew right away what was happening.



Oh, don’t give her that look. She lived in the same quarters as one Gabriel Reyes and one Jack Morrison, she’s seen 

all 

the states of two guys going at it. And of course Jesse was going to pull some moves on his boyfriend, the two were like teenagers who couldn’t keep their hands off each other.



That meant, of course, as a concerned (mother) 

mentor 

that she must give sage advice.



“Karma is like 69, kids! You get what you give!” She said cheerfully as she sat down beside Jesse who spat out the mouthful of coffee. The cowboy coughed and coughed.



“OH MY GOD, ANA.” He spluttered, coffee coming out of his nose. Beside him, Hanzo threw Jesse a look of disgust before giving him a tissue to clean himself up before freezing.



“Ana-san…” The archer murmured as what she said slowly processed in his brain. “What…”



“I will have you know,” she said, pulling out a dildo out of a large cloth bag. It had 
FOR DEMONSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY
 written lengthwise on it with black marker. “That whatever your clan told you about sex is nowhere 

near 

as comprehensive as I would like it to be, and very unlikely to be tailored to sex positivity and how to do it with another man. I am therefore the most qualified person to teach you, and it doesn’t hurt for Jesse to get a refresher as well.”



“That is a lie, I got scarred for 

life 

after your talk and 

I DO NOT NEED A REFRESHER ANA,

” Jesse groaned as she continued taking out props from the bag, “Why don’t you bother Fareeha? I’m sure she needs it more than I do!”



“Nope. I don’t care. If I have to repeat this talk every time you start going steady with someone I will actually do it, I don’t trust your memory when it comes to these things and I sure as hell don’t trust the Shimada clan to have taught your boyfriend properly. You two are going to sit in those chairs and listen to 

everything

. Questions are encouraged!”



She then proceeded, in excruciating detail, to teach 

exactly 

what to do for anal sex.



“And I don’t care what you saw in porn, saliva is not a good lubricant!” She said, shoving the little bottles of lube at the couple. “And don’t you dare not use lube, if you don’t then the person receiving will bleed, the person pitching will cry, you’ll both cry and Angela will have to deal with you two at night and trust me, it’s not a fun time for anybody. Always. Use. Lubricant! Remember, make sure to get properly sized condoms, and I sure hope to hell the two of you got tested before you started boning, communication is important. Oh, and remember, if you’re using any sex toys then for the love of Allah 

make sure they’re designed for insertion.

”



Hanzo refused to meet her eyes for the next week afterwards. Ana patted herself on the back and considered it a job well done.


 


5.


 


Angela was, unfortunately, no stranger to amorous activities being conducted in her workspaces. Oh, she protested every time, citing unsanitary conditions and physical exertion being detrimental to the recovery of her patients, but when the people under her care tended to have some pretty close calls it was perhaps understandable that their significant others would want to express their relief. She can understand that.



She has to hold herself back from
looking away from that face.

"Well, aren't you a sight for sore eyes?" Is the first thing out of Kakyoin's mouth, and Jotaro resists the urge to laugh and cry at once.

Instead, he tugs at the brim of his hat, his grip crushing the stiff material, and pulls it over his face in a movement almost instinctual at this point. A small, strained smile struggles over his face anyway, his lips curling around the unfamiliar sensation. "Yare yare daze," Jotaro says, and it feels just like falling back into old patterns, like they were still in the middle of the desert late at night, talking quietly so that the others won't wake up.

"It's been...a while, hasn't it?" Kakyoin steps forward and closes the last bit of distance so that they are standing face to face, just shy of touching. It takes everything Jotaro has to just keep himself from collapsing onto the shorter man, to lean on him and let out years and years of pain and guilt. Instead, he stays standing, if barely.

Kakyoin only smiles gently, like he never left, like he knew exactly what Jotaro is thinking, and holds out his hand.

"Walk with me? We still have a little ways to go."

Kakyoin's hand feels real and solid against his own, and this all feels real, this feels right. Taking a deep breath, Jotaro braces himself and injects what little steel he has left into his spine, straightening up.

Together, they start a slow pace, hand in hand as they wade deeper. The ocean is strangely mirror-like, and he can see the two of them reflected clearly in the water against the vivid blue. Kakyoin looks odd juxtaposed next to him; he looks exactly like he did that last night all those years ago -- green school uniform, cherry earrings, the thin scars over his eyes, forever frozen as the seventeen-year-old he died as. Jotaro, on the other hand, looks...older. Maybe it's the small crow's feet at the corners of his eyes, the way his shoulders slouch as he stumbles forward.

Kakyoin is patient, the way he always was with him. After the third time they stop to let Jotaro catch his breath, Kakyoin sits down instead, the water coming waist high as he pulls the older man down with him. They watch the edge of the horizon where the sea somehow blended into the sky.

"Did you..." The words get stuck in Jotaro's throat, but he forces them out anyway; he has to know. "...did you ever blame...?"

"No. Never."

"But--"

"Never, Jotaro. I've never, ever blamed you for what happened that night. You did not abandon me to die; there wasn't anything else you could have done."

"I could have stayed with you." Jotaro whispers. "I could have saved you. I shouldn't have--"

Kakyoin puts a finger against his lips, shutting him up. "No, none of that. You saved me already, long before that night. Here, repeat after me: There wasn't anything else I could have done." Jotaro opens his mouth to protest, trying to apologize to him anyway, and Kakyoin shoots him a familiar look, the one that's equal parts exasperated and annoyed.

"Th-there wasn't any...anything else I could have done." 

"And Kakyoin--" Here, the redhead's eyes soften. "Kakyoin Noriaki knows that, and forgives me wholly, even though there was no fault on my part."

"A-and Kakyoin Nori-Noriaki...knows that, and...forgives..." He tries to swallow around the huge lump in his throat and fails. "...Forgives..."

To his own bemusement, Jotaro touches his face and his fingertips come away wet.

Wordlessly, Kakyoin wraps his arms around his shoulders. Years of guilt, of thinking I could have saved him, comes pouring out of him as he melts into the embrace. He cries for all the times he had to leave Jolyne alone, he cries for the times he woke up late at night and couldn't cry, he cries for all those people who got dragged into the Joestar family's own little tragedy.

But mostly, mostly he cries because he is forgiven.

"So," Jotaro finally says. He feels empty, light, like he has dumped out everything building up inside him all at once. "What now?"

"Now," The other says, taking his hand again. "This is the part where you kiss me. Tell me, do you like romantic movies?"

 "Well, I usually don't, but with you..." He smiles. "I can make an exception."

They kiss, and it's like coming home.

"Just like a romantic comedy," Kakyoin teases, and Jotaro couldn't help but grin. "And now, we have to go diving."

"I hope this isn't going to end up
the outrageously out of place clothes, his glare would have fit right in with the rough crowd in Ogre Street. Speedwagon then looked closer, and noticed that his glare was not the mean-spirited ones thugs gave but one filled with noble, burning resolution.

(Speedwagon's sight may also be failing him; he was not altogether a young man.)

"If you think I'm going to let you kill him without me beating him up beforehand you have another thing coming. I'm Jotaro Kujo; Dio's pissed off a lot of Joestars and now everyone in the family wants to sock him at least once." 

"Everyone in the family? I thought I was the only remaining branch in the family tree," Jonathan said, shocked.

"We're not talking about sideways on the family tree, we're talking downwards," said another man, this one with a brown hat and gray hair, looking more like the archaeologist Jonathan actually was. The ostentatious throne rooms was starting to get crowded, between Dio and his zombies, Jonathan and the other Hamon users, and apparently more and more of Jonathan's descendants from the future. They milled together in confusion as more people started to argue over who got to tear Dio a new one first.

"He killed Kakyoin, and by proxy Avdol and Iggy," Jotaro said. "He made my mom sick, and made us go all the way to Egypt to kill him. Do you know what I went through, being in the same planes as Jiji, whose bad karma makes him crash every single plane he's on? The old man is literally the worst."

"I...honestly can't argue with that," said the man with the strangely shaped hairstyle, apparently named Josuke. "I mean, he kinda left my mom high and dry after an one-night stand, so that sums up the quality of his character. He's probably not as bad as the bloodsucking crazy bastard though, considering what you've told me about Dio. I'm just here to support you guys; someone else gets first crack at him."

 "And it's going to be me," the girl with green bangs and skin-tight clothing snarled. "His stupid plan to attain 'Heaven' almost killed the entire universe, left Dad in a coma for four months, and framed me and sent me to jail! All of my friends died! I died!"

"How about this," said Jonathan, possibly the only reasonable Joestar present at the moment. "I have my own problems with Dio--namely, he killed my dog, stole my betrothed's first kiss, and killed my dad--"

"Don't forget stole your body," Joseph muttered quietly.

"And stole my body--wait, what?"

"Nothing."

"...how about we all beat him up?"

It was at around this time that the zombies recovered a bit from their shock. They became restless, and with screeches tried to attack the small cluster of Joestars.

As one, the group of Joestars turned to stare at the sneering zombie masses with the most unimpressed looks anyone in the room has ever seen.

"Give me a fucking break." Jotaro grimaced. "I may have gotten my PhD in marine biology, but I've still read the SPWF's documents on Stands. And the main thing that matters right now is that Stands are essentially highly concentrated manifestations of Hamon, or the sun's energy. Which means this!"


"ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA!!!"


"「OH MY GOD!」Jotaro, warn a man before you disintegrate vampires!"

Dio Brando at least had the decency to not attack them when Jonathan's great-grandson with a face like a thug had pulverized at least two dozen of his zombies; he was outnumbered and possibly outskilled, for all he knew. The vampire made eye contact with Jonathan, and for once they traded understanding looks, as they were the only sane people in the room.

"Now that I think about it, Jojo," Dio began to say. Jonathan had the ungentlemanly urge to strangle him before he opened his stupid vampire mouth and made everything worse than it already was. "This isn't fair. You have all these descendants coming back for you and I don't even get one?"

A blond man promptly appeared out of the ether and punched him in the face with a loud "MUDA!"

"I suppose that answers the question," Speedwagon said, numbly. He has lost all sense of normality tonight, but that's nothing new.

The rest of the night was spent trying the pry the blond off of Dio, who was punching him repeatedly and saying things like "You were never there!" and "Why did you think leaving me with my mom was a good idea? You fucked up a perfectly good kid, is what you did. Look at me! I've got abandonment issues!"

"Giorno, you fucking cut in line! I wanted to rip him apart!" Jolyne screamed as she tried to hold him back with her string. 

"Well too bad! I have a mind
Naples was lovely in the way large forest fires were lovely; everything in it persisted in a state of absolute disaster, yet one so utterly majestic in its chaos that you cannot help but watch. It felt like there was no time in-between Tsuna getting into the car and pulling out of the airport into the city proper. Even behind the darkened glass the entire city seemed overwhelming, with its narrow cobblestone side streets barely wide enough to drive through, the masses of people on the bigger main roads, and the furious activity that indicated people here lived fast lives.

 

Tsuna looked at one of those narrow streets as the car passed by, speeding towards its destination. It was dark, as if that street only saw sunlight when it struggled out from the  small gaps in-between the buildings and barely gave enough to see the brick wall directly across. 

 


Hayato sat beside him as he shuffled the file they had on the organization they were about meet. It was unusually thin — even the Millefiore, for all that they only existed in an alternate universe, had a thicker file than the few sheets of paper in his second’s hands. Tsuna caught Hayato’s eye, nodding as he got the Storm’s attention.


 


“Hit me with the quick summary, Hayato. I’ve already read the papers, but I want to hear your impressions.”


 


Taking a deep breath, Hayato sighed and started. “The Passione. An organization very intent on information control; on that front they are on some levels more paranoid than we are. Heck, we at least share some knowledge about Dying Will Flames to our allies, but the Passione are super hard-asses about keeping secret how they manage to keep control over the south. All we know for certain is that they use something called ‘Stands’. Besides that, their supernatural combat capabilities are a complete black box, which is frankly making me want to chain smoke.”


 


Tsuna gave a disappointed look at Hayato’s hand that was slowly creeping to the pack of cigarettes in his pocket. His Storm Guardian guilty stopped.


 


“They keep a tightly run operation in the entirety of the south that’s grown ridiculously strong, Tenth, especially with the upheaval around your inheritance and the Ninth’s retirement. We still have some pretty strong footholds in Sicily, but they’re hardly enough to even scratch the Passione if it turned out to be full out war. Most of our assets are concentrated in the north, while the south is Passione’s own home base. We are bigger internationally, but in Italy itself perhaps only Vongola is big enough to potentially go up against them directly.”


 


“Their racket was quite involved with the drug and protection markets, although since the new boss took over they’ve pulled back a bit, especially from drugs.”


 


Tsuna nodded. “Ah, Giorno Giovanna, right?”


 


“Yes. Giovanna took the position of Don Passione at fifteen years old after he overthrew the previous boss, Diavolo, with support from Diavolo’s own daughter, Trish Una. The entire organization is doing the usual shuffling of command structures. Some people left the Passione, others stayed, the usual.”


 


The words ‘those that decided to leave were the ones who died’ were left unsaid, but they both knew very well how bloody a coup could be.


 


Hayato frowned some more, shuffling more papers around. “There’s been evidence that some really funky shit goes on around Giovanna, but what else can you expect from someone who took on Passione at fifteen?”


 


“Didn’t they try to cover that up? Diavolo kicked the bucket a week before we found out, didn’t we? Impressive, to cover something like that up for a week and manage to secure all the most important oaths before anyone found out.”


 


“Not as impressive as Vongola, but I’ll give them that, the bastards.” Hayato said with pride. He should; as second, it was one of his many duties to monitor intel control. 


 


“Decimo,” the voice of the driver came from behind the partition. “We have arrived.”


 


————————


 


The Passione mansion was, as expected, opulent. As they got out of the car, Tsuna took in the statuary, the marble, and sighed. A standard mafia mansion, as it were.


 


Giorno Giovanna waited for them in the main hall, with a small troop of servants in the background. The man was not very tall — he wasn’t a millimetre over 170 centimetres, at best. What truly gave Tsuna pause was the slightly Asian cast to his face; the shape of his cheekbones, the lines of his eyes. It contrasted his blue eyes and blond hair in strange ways, making his face a composite.


 


The Don of Passione looked Vongola Decimo in the eye, and smiled.


 


“Welcome, Vongola Decimo.”

call.

“Edgeworth, why–why are you calling? You probably already know about–you know what happened.” Phoenix said past the lump in his throat. “I can’t help in an official capacity, not anymore.” His hand unconsciously rose to where his badge used to be, fumbling at the empty fabric before he forcibly relaxed.

“Wright, I know how much it’s hurting. I understand.” Edgeworth said bluntly, but not unkindly. “That’s part of the reason why I want to call you out here to help. Los Angeles can’t be good for you right now.” The request for help so blatantly stated was unusal, coming from Edgeworth. Phoenix frowned.

“Out where?”

“Europe.”

He jumped a little. “Europe? Why?!–What happened?”

“I…” Edgeworth’s voice trailed off for a second. “This investigation is going in an unexpected direction. I need someone I can trust with me on this case. Please.”

The plea was what made the decision for Phoenix. He could never refuse to help a friend, even when his life was unraveling.

“Give me two days to get my affairs in order.”

“Thank you, Wright.” He could almost hear Edgeworth’s gratitude, but years of social reticence and aloofness still camouflaged the warmth in his tone. “Check your email. The ticket information should be there in a few minutes.”

Phoenix spent the next three hours talking to Maya, who readily agreed to let Trucy stay with her in Kurain, and begging leave from the Borscht Bowl. He started packing his suitcase.

So, Phoenix Wright was going to Europe.

Phoenix makes puns and the two of them are awkward, and they arrive at the crime scene. The German counterpart to Gumshoe makes an appearance. Kind of.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The plane ride was noisy, exhausting, and just plain long.

Phoenix was very proud of himself for that one.

“Wright, I swear to god, it’s three in the morning and I don’t have the energy to deal with your stupid puns today.”

“But Edgeworth. It’s my first time on a plane. What kind of person would I be if I didn’t make just plane old jokes?”

Edgeworth’s bottom lip curled. “A normal person.”

Phoenix could feel the grin on his face going sour and his gaze involuntarily drifting down. “Well, we have both never been normal.” Edgeworth’s look was neither pitying nor condemning, only calm. He silently patted him on the shoulder, awkwardly but not unkindly. Phoenix sucked down a quick breath.

“Well, anyway. What is this case that’s so important even you can’t tell me about it over the phone?”

“If I can’t talk about it on the phone, I certainly can’t talk about it here. Get in the car, Wright. I’ll explain on the way.”

“The victim was a man named Mort Emme. He was a prominent member of the current cabinent in office, and the case has been given top priority in the Prosecutor’s Office. That’s also part of the reason why it’s so secretive.” The prosecutor pulled the car, less flashy than the fateful sports car in the Skyes’s case, out onto the highway heading towards downtown Berlin. The streetlights blurred past the darken glass of the passenger window.

Leaning back into the leather seats, Phoenix flipped through the files until he found the victim’s autopsy report. The man apparently died in the early hours of the morning five days ago because someone drove a ceremonial sword of some kind through his heart. His body was found by Claudius Goedde, his most trusted staffer and the prime suspect in the case. The papers in his hands, strangely, felt intentionally vague. 

“What’s with these files? Surely this isn’t all of it.”

“Those are the short versions of the profiles. I have more comprehensive information at our destination.”

“And where are we going?”

“The scene of the crime.”

The police officer on the scene let Edgeworth in readily enough, but eyed Phoenix suspiciously, obviously inspecting his shoddy clothes and sandals, his hat, and the unshaven line of his jaw.

“Zivilisten sind nicht erlaubt.”

While he didn’t have a single idea what he just said, Phoenix has heard that exact tone of voice many, many times before.

Frowning in displeasure, Edgeworth said back, “Er ist mit mir.  Wie der Leiter Staatsanwalt, ich gebe ihm die Erlaubnis. Er ist hier, wie meine … Berater.”


“Aber, Sir!” 



“Ich freue mich auf Ihren nächsten Leistungsbeurteilung, Offizier.”



“J-ja, Sir.” 


The officer still gave him an suspicious look as Phoenix walked past the police tape to the inside the building. 

Standing in the large foyer, Phoenix cracked his knuckles and grinned, feeling the familiar excitement at the beginning of most investigations. 

“Alright,” he said, accepting the gloves from Edgeworth. “Let’s
single day.

And that is why Hibari Kyouya was currently hiding in the bamboo grove outside of the Sawada estate, glaring at the door like if he stared at it hard enough it would open for him.

"You're not being very subtle, Hibari-san." Tsuna's calm voice came from underneath him, and the prefect huffed before nimbly making his way down the tree.

"Subtlety is unneeded for a carnivore. Especially since omnivores like you give me the slip, so I shall just wait here every single day until you tell me what is going on." Hibari set his jaw mulishly; he could be one of the most stubborn people in the world.

Tsuna only sighed, and sounded like she was about to cry.

"Please…just…stay away from me." She backed away from him, her bandaged arm shielded by her other hand. "Don't come to see me, ever again."

Then, she was gone, and Hibari was staring at the bamboo trees uncomprehendingly for a moment, before he tightened his grip on his tonfa.

"When have I done as you wished?" He snarled, and deep in his heart resolved to at least talk to her again.

 

 

That night, restless and unable to sleep, Hibari slipped out of his bed and made his way to the Sawada house in the pouring rain.

He made his way through the now familiar route through the bamboo trees, his surroundings made strange by the rain and darkness; he jerked his gakuran in annoyance as it snagged on a few branches.

It gave him just enough time to hear the scream echo in the confines of the grove; he took off sprinting, tearing through the trees, and saw—

Blood.

Blood pooling on the ground around a mangled body, something that once was a living human. And there—

Sawada Tsunayoshi stood there, clad in a striking red kimono. There was blood splattered on her face, and her pale lips slowly stretched into a wide, empty smile; in her hand, a sharp blade. Without any other warning, she was upon him, knife flashing in the dim light.

Grunting with the effort, he deflected the knife with his tonfa, and lashed out in successive counterstrikes, trying to knock the girl unconscious, but she was just a tad faster. With a sweep of her feet, Tsuna tripped him and immediately was right on top of Hibari, straddling his waist. He only snarled, baring his teeth savagely even as he tried to shift his weight underneath the girl to get her off. "I am not going to die here."

"…I want to…kill you." She said, her blade held to Hibari's throat.

Her eyes were blank in the rain, looking down at him—

And the next thing he knew was the sensation of her body sinuously jumping backwards—


"Who are you?!"



"I see. You are not ready yet."



Her wrist, slipping out of his grasp as she continued running.



Her red kimono in the light of the incoming car, he was still desperately running forwards, but it was too late, too late—


Impact.


 [You Turn Into Light - End of Childhood] 


No, really, don't look at me, I don't know what the fuck I'm doing.

And yes, this is a DIRECT FUSION of Kara no Kyoukai - the garden of sinners into KHR!. Essentially, fem!Tsuna is Ryougi Shiki while Hibari is Kokutou. Weirdass shit about to go down.

Also, while you can expect KHR! characters to show up as crucial characters in the story, the KHR! storyline events will not happen, chronologically, until after KnK Movie 7, aka A Study in Murder Part II. Also known as, Reborn is gonna be as confused as all heck when that time comes.

Look, I was thinking all about this fic the entire time when I was in Spain, don't ask me why. I probably came up with this while jetlagged.

Tsuna wakes up.

I'm shit at action. I've given it my best shot though, so I'm hoping it works out well, although I'm mostly transcribing the original KnK fight anyway.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


“Vitals?”



“JCS three digits. Blood pressure is 60 by palpation.”



“Get a EKG hooked up, I want a transfusion line stat! Ms. Sawada, can you hear me? Ms. Sawada?”


 

 


There was…no end to it.



 Just cold. And darkness. 



 A starless ocean at night…. 


 

 

“Condition?”


“Blood pressure is low but everything else is stable.”



“Cross-match, now! Intubation complete, let’s get pre-op done. What massive bleeding…get me an extra unit of blood too.” 



“I’m cutting your kimono, Ms. Sawada.”



“Trauma not just to the chest but to the head too. Get Dr. Nakamura in Neurosurgery…”


 

 


So this…this is death…



 There is nothing here. Nothing… 



 Not even… 


「  Myself  」


 Ahhhh… 


 

 

“Excuse me, Ms