had the money for things.”

“Oh, honey.”  Mary came over and hugged him.  “I’m sorry.”

“Dean has a few good Christmases to remember, but my two strongest memories of Christmas are Dean finally telling me the truth about what Dad did and he was starting to do, and pulling together the lamest Christmas ever because he wanted to celebrate his last Christmas before going to Hell.”

“What about while you were out?”

Sam shrugged.  “First few years I stayed at school.  Junior year Jess wanted me to come home with her but I was too scared to meet the parents, and then my last year, well, things got a little derailed.  And then Amelia and I just… didn’t.”

“Well, this year, we’re doing it right.  You’re going to get to know what a family Christmas is supposed to be.”  Mary went back to her wrapping.

 

A couple days later, the Bunker door banged open, and Sam responded quickly when Jody called for him and Dean.  She’d driven down with a Christmas tree and a couple boxes of decorations.  “These were Bobby’s, I’m guessing from back when he was married.  Kinda figured you boys don’t have any.”

“Wow, thanks, Jody!”  Sam hugged her and went to help Claire get the tree off the top of Jody’s SUV.  “I take it Mom called in reinforcements for Operation White Christmas?”

“Yep.  You boys are going to have a merry Christmas.  It’s decided.”  Jody opened the trunk and pulled out another big box, which she handed to Dean.  “Careful.  It’s heavy.”

“Oof.”  Dean staggered backward a little as he took the box.  “No kidding.  What’s in here, bricks?”

“Not the first time that’s been said about my fruitcake!”  Jody picked up one of the boxes of decorations.  “Presents and food, mostly.”

Sam and Dean exchanged a quick look of panic, and Mary laughed at them.  “Here’s another holiday tradition: last-minute panic over buying gifts for someone.”

 

Once they got the tree inside and leaning up against a wall, Claire wiped some sweat off her brow.  “Don’t worry about the presents too much.  That’s why I came.  Just a warning, Jody’s going to make you write Christmas cards.”

“What?”

“She brought a box of Christmas cards, which you and Dean are going to sign and maybe write short messages in, which you will then send out to friends.  I have no idea who she’s got in mind for you to send cards to aside from Donna and Alex, since they’re not here.”

“Where is Alex?”

“She’s got a boyfriend.  Guy she met at college.  His name’s Ben and she went to spend Christmas with his family.”

“Good for her.”

 

Jody actually had several people in mind: Mary, herself, Max and Alicia and their mom, Cas, Crowley, Rowena.  “Not entirely sure how you send a Christmas card to the King of Hell, but if he’s a good enough friend to call in on the Apocalypse, he’s a good enough friend to get a Christmas card from.”

“We should send one to Krissy and her friends.”  Dean picked up a card and a pen.  “What do you say in one of these?  It already says happy holidays on it so merry Christmas seems a little redundant.”

“Some people do this whole big spiel about how awesome the year was for their family.  Others just sign it.  If you’ve got something you want to tell people about…” Jody narrowed her eyes suddenly.  “Dean, you are not allowed to put ‘I killed Hitler!’ in your Christmas cards.”

“Oh, come on!  Aside from saving the world, that was easily the coolest thing either of us did all year!  And we’ve saved the world before.  You only get to kill Hitler once!”  Dean quickly scribbled in the card.

Sam took it and shook his head.  “He put it.”  He signed the card as well and put it in an envelope.

Mary carefully copied all of the addresses onto a sheet of paper, which she tucked into the box.  “This way they’re all in one place for next year.”

 

Christmas Day, Sam woke up to the sound of bells.  Someone was shaking jingle bells in his ear.  He opened his eyes before lashing out, just in case, and was glad he had.  Punching his mom was a spectacularly bad idea.  “Mom?”

“Get up!  It snowed!  It really is a white Christmas, just like the ones I used to know!”

“Just like?”

“Okay, well, close enough.  We’ve got presents and sleigh bells and Jody’s heating up the cinnamon rolls and snow.”

“Jody’s heating up snow…?”

“No, silly. There’s snow!  We can go outside and do snowball target practice!”
inside, where he found Sam and Dean fighting over whether to put the angel or the star on top of the tree.  “You two gotta be kidding.  Cas’ll be in any minute; ask him.”

Sam rolled his eyes, but nodded.  Dean laughed.  “Fair enough.”

The door slammed closed, and Jody dropped a couple of bags on the couch.  “It’s Christmas, and you boys missed out on a lot of traditions.  So we’re doing this right.”

“Uh-oh.”  Sam reached out to hug Benny, but drew back.  “Wow, you’re cold.”

“Course I am.”

“Well, we’ve got a cure for that.”  Jody reached into one of the bags and handed Benny a bright red sweater.  It was covered with snowmen, orange bobbles sticking out for each one’s nose.  “Put it on.”

Benny looked skeptically at the sweater, but pulled it on.  It was even uglier on him than off.  “Jody, you know I love you, but…”

Sam wrapped an arm around Benny and pulled him close.  “You look ridiculous.  It’s cute.”

“Thanks.”

Jody laughed and handed another sweater to Sam.  His was dark green, decorated with poinsettias.  Sam pulled it on with a grin.  “Did you look for the ugliest sweaters you could find, Jody?”

“Yep!  It’s tradition.”  She tossed a pale blue be-penguined sweater to Dean and pulled on a brown one decorated to look like a reindeer’s head, with the antlers going down the sleeves.

“Why?”

Jody shrugged.  “No idea.  I just know it’s the one time of year I don’t have to fight Claire to wear a sweater.”

Claire stuck her tongue out at Jody as she and Cas came in.  She dug out a navy blue sweater with cobwebs of snowflakes, and handed a black sweater with bells on it to Alex.  “Where’s Cas’s?”

“Here.”  Jody threw a white sweater to Claire, who pulled it over Cas’s head.  Benny buried his face in Sam’s chest while he laughed at the lovely gossamer wings that flowed from Cas’s shoulders.

“Is this supposed to be an angel sweater?” Castiel asked as he stretched his arms out.

“Exactly.”  Claire giggled.

“Speaking of which.”  Dean held up the two tree toppers.  “Which one should we use?”

Castiel looked critically at them.  “The star.  That angel looks far too much like Naomi.  No one deserves to have Naomi staring at them throughout the holiday season.”

Benny learns of a Christmas tradition the boys never followed.

Thanks to my awesome beta, under_a_grey_cloud!

“How’s Santa gonna get into the Bunker?”

Sam looked up from his computer and stared at Benny.  “What?”

“How’s Santa gonna get in here?  No chimney, no windows, warded to all getout…”  Benny sat in the chair across from Sam’s.  “Where do you hang stockings?  No fireplace, either.  Thought humans were supposed to do all that.”

Sam grinned.  “I don’t think the Men of Letters really cared much about Santa.  If they did, it was to classify and monitor him to make sure he didn’t need to be hunted.”

“That’s awful!  So you and Dean don’t hang stockings?”

“Are you kidding?  We never had stockings to hang, even before Dean gave up trying to let me be the kind of normal kid who believes in Santa.”  Sam’s face softened into a wistful look.  “Would’ve been nice, but just never happened.  Not for me, anyway.  Maybe Dean believed in Santa, before…”  His voice trailed off into the silence.

Christmas morning, Sam woke up expecting a normal day.  He brushed his teeth, got dressed, and headed for the kitchen for coffee.  Dean was already there, staring at the oven.  “Sammy?  Know anything about this?”

Four huge stockings hung over the oven, each labeled with a name.  “Not exactly.  Benny was asking me about stockings yesterday, and I told him we never had them as kids.  So he’d be my guess.”

“Cas helped,” Benny said with a smile.  “Merry Christmas, love.”

Dean grabbed his stocking and looked inside.  “Is this all candy?”

“Yep.  Yours is, anyway.  The rest of us got real oranges in the bottom instead of a chocolate orange.”  Benny got his stocking and unwrapped a giant chocolate Santa from his stocking.  He bit the head off and grinned.

Benny learns about eggnog.

Thanks to my awesome beta, under_a_grey_cloud, who helped me get over a bad case of writer's block with this one!

“I don’t get it.  Who drinks raw egg in their milk?”  Benny stirred the eggnog, though.

Sam shrugged as he opened a bottle of rum.  “The way Dean and I do it, it’s really more like drinking raw egg in your rum.”

“
Sam stared in disbelief at the plate Dean set in front of him.  “Dean, is this… what… this looks like a hamburger that has mini-pizzas for buns.”

“I know!  Isn’t it great?”  Dean took a giant bite of his.  “Dad called and said he was stopping in Casper for the night, so he’s only a couple hundred miles away.  He’ll be home tomorrow.  He said I could get a treat for dinner!”

Sam’s face lit up.  “Dad’s coming home early?”

“Yep.  Eat your pizzaburger.  Treat or not, Dad’ll kill me if you don’t eat your dinner.”

Sam tried to figure out how to get the burger in his mouth.  Then he gave up and peeled the top pizza off to eat separately.  “I always knew you had a big mouth…”

“All the better to eat you with!”

Halfway through the pizza, a thought occurred to Sam.  “Did Dad say why he was coming home early?”

Dean swallowed his bite of burger.  There wasn’t much left.  “Yeah, case was already being handled by another hunter.  Guy named Rufus.  I don’t think we know him.  Took Dad ten seconds to figure out that trying to work with Rufus would end up with one of them killing the other, and Rufus had already done a lot of the research, so Dad decided to come back to us while he looks for another case.”

Sam tried again.  He could just get his mouth around the burger and the other pizza.  “Are you sure this is what Dad meant by a treat?  Because I don’t think I’ve ever heard of pizzaburgers.”

“Probably won’t ever again,” Dean said.  “I was just gonna get the pizzas, and leave it at that, when I saw the package of frozen hamburger patties.  And I thought… pizzas are one of the best foods on this planet.  Burgers are one of the few things I like better than pizza.  What happens if I combine the two?”

“You get a giant sticky mess that manages to be worse than either of the two alone,” Sam said as he wiped away a smear of mozzarella and burger juice.

“And it meant no pie,” Dean said sadly.  “I am regretting that choice now.”

“You feeling all right?”  Sam’s eyes widened as he stared at Dean.  “How was pie not the top priority?”

“I was going to get pie, but I got so excited about cooking the pizzaburgers that I forgot,” Dean said.

Sam gasped in mock horror.  “That’s even worse!  Deciding you could live without pie this time is one thing, but forgetting the pie?  Do I need to go get some silver?”

Dean growled playfully.  “Don’t mess with me.  I’m up to what, eight inches on you now?  Not to mention at least fifty pounds?  I can and will kick your ass.”

“You know, one day I’ll hit my growth spurt,” Sam said.  “You just might be sorry you rubbed yours in so much.”

“You should be so lucky,” Dean said.  “Anyway, fine, there may have been other factors in forgetting the pie.”

Sam laughed.  “I knew it.  What’s her name?  Is she pretty?”

“Rhonda, and no, she’s a total bitch.  Met her at a party last month, and I thought she was cool, but… not so much,” Dean said.

"Enough that you forgot the pie..." Sam teased.

"Sammy, if you ever forget the pie, there better be a better reason than Rhonda freaking Hurley.  Understand?"
Sam was still hallucinating.  He was sure of it.  He was not really stretched out across the backseat of the Impala, with Dean driving crazy fast even for him and Cas twisted around to stare at him in concern.  He was bound to a chair, and that crazy British bitch was going to show up any minute to explain how this particular mindfuck was supposed to get him to spill information that, to be perfectly honest, he didn’t actually have much of.

She wanted to know how to get in contact with American hunters.  Sam could tell her how to find Jody and Claire, Donna, maybe Jesse and Cesar if they still counted after their retirement.  Dean knew more, but Sam kept to himself.  If one called him, he was always happy to help, but there was too much risk involved for him to contact hunters he didn’t know well.

He didn’t buy the save from Mick Davies.  He didn’t buy that Mick had let him and Dean leave with Cas, that he’d taken Toni into custody for the British Men of Letters to deal with.  There was no reason for that.  Mick should have sided with Toni.

He still didn’t believe it when Cas and Dean helped him into the Bunker, took him to his room and laid him down on his bed.  It felt like his bed, but… was one of them Toni in disguise?

“Sam.”  Castiel touched his shoulder gently as he sat beside him.  “Why don’t you believe in us?”

Sam shook his head.  “Toni did something… made me see things… made me think they were real.  You’re not real.  It doesn’t make sense!”

Dean took Sam’s left hand and squeezed the palm.  “Stone one, man.  If the save doesn’t make sense, shouldn’t you believe it more?”

“That’s… that doesn’t… argh.  I’m not…"  Sam pulled away and put his hands to his head.  "It didn’t make any sense for me to sleep with Toni, either.  I thought you were dead, Dean, but Cas was still alive, still out there and coming for me.”

“It makes sense for Toni to want you to sleep with her, though," Dean said, and Castiel nodded his agreement.  "Especially if she thought she could get information out of you afterwards.  What the hell benefit does it do for her to let you go?”

“I know.  I know, and I just… I gotta believe.  It’s gonna take a while.  I’m gonna need all the help you two can give me.  Dean, you might want to get a warning out to whatever hunters you know.  Just not while I’m around, okay?  So that if Toni is watching this through me, she can’t get anything from it.”

“Sounds good.  How’s your foot?”

“Don’t insult Cas, Dean.  You know when Cas heals something, it’s fixed.  My foot’s good.  My hand, not so much.”

Cas took Sam’s hand.  “What happened?”

“I punched a mirror to make Toni think I was about to kill myself.  Don’t heal it, please.  The pain’s kind of grounding.”

Cas nodded and kissed Sam’s cut knuckles.  “We’re here for you.  Whatever you need, let me and Dean give that to you.  What do you need?”

“Can you guys stay here?  Or not here, go to Cas’s room?”  Cas’s room is where the big bed was.  The one that could comfortably hold all three of them, despite them all being big guys.  “It feels like it’s been forever since we had the chance to just be together.  Cas, I know you’re probably still dealing with post-possession…”

“Holding you will help me with that.”  Cas helped Sam to his feet.

As they got ready for bed, Cas and Dean both helped Sam ground himself.  Once they finally settled into Cas’s bed, Sam wiped away the tears.  “Thanks, guys.  It’s a little embarrassing when you have to remind me every five minutes to be stronger than Toni and keep fighting.”

“Don’t be embarrassed.  You are strong.”  Dean curled up close against Sam.  “If you weren’t so strong, you wouldn’t be alive.”

“Or you would have given up long ago.”  Castiel mirrored Dean on Sam’s other side.  “It’s one of the things I love about you, how you keep trying long past when any weaker person would have said that they’ve done more than enough, given more than enough, and they quit.”

“What a thing to be proud of.  I’m still alive, and I’m still trying.”  Sam wrapped one arm tightly around each of his men.  “At least I have you two back.”
If there was one thing Cas hated more than anything else, it was seeing Sam with bruises, cuts, lying in a pool of blood, and/or generally banged around.  Not that seeing Dean beat up was pleasant, but Dean at least would complain about it.  Acknowledge that the injuries actually hurt and it sucked.  Sam would just take them.  If Cas brought them up, Sam would give a quick smile and dismiss them as “looking so much worse than they are”, or “other people got it worse”, or “I’ve survived worse”.  Once, Castiel took advantage of Sam being drunk to talk to him about it, and Sam had admitted that he felt that every bruise, every drop of blood lost, was somehow a just punishment for all the ways Sam had screwed up.  Every injury he suffered was one that Dean and Cas didn’t, that innocent people didn’t.

Cas didn’t like that, and he told Sam so.  Sam just shrugged.  “Of course you don’t.  You have this warped image of me as something so much better than I am.”

“Is this why you rarely let me heal you?”

“What?  No.  That’s… the less you use your grace, the longer it’ll last!  I’d much rather deal with pain like I’ve dealt with all my life than be responsible for you shortening yours.  It’s… Cas, I swear, I’m not punishing myself by refusing healing.  Dean doesn’t let you heal him either, for all he complains about the pain.  It’s not worth losing you.”  Sam moved from his chair to sit in Cas’s lap, snuggling up awkwardly because of his much larger size.  “Nothing’s worth losing you.”

Cas wasn’t sure he quite believed Sam, but he let it go.  Sam was stubborn.  Too stubborn for Cas to be able to change his mind.

 

The first hunt after Cas got his own, limited, grace back, he responded to a prayer from Sam.  There was blood pooled under his leg, which had several large gashes, and Sam looked pale and somewhat shaky.  “Cas.  Hey.  Good to see you.”

“Are you okay?”

Sam looked at his leg.  “I’ll live.  Hurts like hell, I can’t stand on it.  I tried.  But I was able to stop the bleeding before I lost too much.”

Castiel nodded and went to help Sam get up.  Sam caught his hand.  “Can you heal it?”

“Of course I can.  Why do you ask?”

Sam grinned, laughing a little as he got an arm up around Cas’s shoulders.  “No, I wasn’t… I know you’re capable of healing it.  I was asking if you would.”

Castiel drew back to glare at Sam.  “That’s even more insulting.  But you said you’d live, which has always meant ‘let me suffer’ before.”

Sam laughed out loud at that.  “Heal me up, Cas.  Please?”

Castiel gingerly touched Sam’s leg, watching as the wound knit itself together.  Sam watched, too, smiling the whole time.  “What’s changed?”

“Well, for one, it’s your grace.  It’s not gonna burn you out when it runs out, so you’re not literally killing yourself to fix me.”  Sam reached down to touch the wound.  “But it’s more than that.  It’s your grace.  It just… it feels better.”

Castiel tilted his head quizzically.  “I don’t understand.  One angel’s grace should feel like any other’s, to a human.”

Sam shrugged.  “To a normal human, maybe it would.  But I’ve been possessed by two different angels, attacked by so many more… and yours feels different.  All I know, maybe it’s the traces of demon blood I’ve got left reacting to the grace, and yours doesn’t set it off anymore.  I don’t care.  I just care that I can tell your grace from another angel’s, even when you’re the one using the grace, and I like it.”

Castiel hesitated, not sure he wanted to know the answer, but in the end he had to ask.  “What about you… deserving it?”

Sam shrugged.  “You’ve never agreed with that.  I still think I deserve it, but it hurts you to let me be hurt, and you don’t deserve that.  Between hurting you and killing you, I could live with hurting you, but now making you suffer because I deserve to just adds to the debt I owe.”
much choice.

Three days later, Sam had heard nothing.  Nothing from Dean, nothing from Cas.  So when Ruby called to tell him that Lilith was headed for the last seal and they needed to stop her, now, Sam took the Impala and went.  The whole drive, he was praying to Castiel, begging him for some other alternative, some other way.  At least let him know that Dean had it.  But there was nothing.  No word, no reassurance.  No Cas.

There wasn’t time for Ruby to be gentle about it.  She poured blood down his throat until he choked, and then poured more.  She got him to Lilith with two minutes to midnight, and he took Lilith down with a minute to spare.

Lilith’s laughter cut through the haze as she bled out, as Sam held himself back from trying to drink her blood as well.  And then Dean and Cas were there, too late to stop it as the blood swirled into the sigil that unlocked the last seal and Lucifer was free to rise.

Cas took the Winchesters to safety.  Sam fell to his knees, trying to throw up as much of the blood as he could, but very little trickled out.  Castiel knelt beside him.  “Sam, I’m sorry.  I failed you badly, and I hope in time to make it up to you.”  He reached out to put a hand on Sam’s shoulder.

Sam jerked away.  “Don’t touch me.  Don’t… don’t act like everything’s okay.  It’s not.”

Cas flinched, but accepted it, standing up and backing away.  He looked to Dean.  “What do we do now?”

“What the hell is there to do?  The three of us, we can’t take on two archangels.  So we go find Bobby, make sure Sam’s okay after… what happened.  And we fight back against whatever we can find to fight back against.”  Dean went to Sam, squatting in front of him so that he could catch Sam’s eyes.  “You on board here, Sammy?  Us and Cas, we barely got a chance, but we need you in fighting shape.”

Sam retched a couple more times, producing just a little more of the blood.  Nothing else was going to come, and he stared at Dean’s hands.  He couldn't meet Dean's eyes.  “I don’t know, Dean.  What I did, I knew better, I’d been warned where that road led… I don’t think I’ll ever be clean from that.  I’ll fight, you raised me better than to fuck up like this and just walk away from the mess I made.  But don’t pretend like I’m not a monster.  I am.”

“No, you’re not.  I am.”  Castiel reached out to touch Sam, but caught himself and pulled back.  “You tried to find another way, and when none appeared, you did what you thought you had to.  With the information you had, it was the correct decision.”

“Where were you, Cas?”  Sam got to his feet.  “Why’d you pull away from me?”

“I was taken back to Heaven, and put through reeducation.  They made me… what I went through, it was a struggle.  They intended to break me.  I fought, and they never quite broke me to the point where I wasn’t fighting, but they got me to where I was fighting myself.  And the wrong part of me was winning, until I realized what you were doing.  Until I felt the blood.”

“You could feel it?”

“I could.”  Castiel reached towards Sam again, this time not pulling back, putting a hand on Sam’s elbow.  “It saved me.  It got me fighting for the right side.  Just a little too late.  I knew Lilith was the final seal, after my reeducation.  I knew we had to stop you from killing her.  If we’d been just a minute earlier…”

“I’d still be…”

“Sammy, no one here cares.”  Dean hauled Sam into a hug.  “Let’s get to Bobby, figure out where we go from here.”

Fighting back was hard.  It got harder when they learned that both sides were after them because they were the true vessels.  It got almost impossible when Ellen and Jo sacrificed themselves to give Dean a shot at Lucifer – which failed.  Never even had a chance at working.  Every time Dean started losing faith, Castiel made him look at the blue thread between the brothers.

When Gabriel died, and the plan became shoving Lucifer’s ass back into the Cage instead of killing him, Sam knew what was coming.  And when he told the others what he thought had to happen, they fought it… but they all knew.

This time, pouring the blood down his own throat, it was different.  It was scary as hell.  With Ruby and Lilith, Sam had something to
“No, Dean.  Not like the party.  As in an actual, literal male deer.  With antlers.”

“Wait a minute…” Dean was laughing hard.  “I heard people talking this morning about a moose or something that made a mess out of the pool area.  Please tell me that was you.”

Sam lost his fight with the facepalm.  “I am not a moose, I am a stag.  There’s a difference.  But, yes, unless there’s one hell of a coincidence that was me in the pool last night.”

Dean’s laughter got so hard Sam was starting to seriously worry about his ability to breathe.  “Sam, I’ve heard of stag parties that ended up with someone getting thrown in the pool, but I don’t think that’s how you’re supposed to do it.”

“You’re an idiot,” Sam grumbled.  “We need to reopen the cursed object case now that we know it’s doing something to me, unless you want me antlering the windows in the Impala or give up driving at night during a full moon.”

“Yeah, yeah, you know that even if we do figure out how to break this I’m not doing it until after I’ve seen my majestic moose of a brother in his natural form?” Dean said.

“Stag, not moose!”  By now Sam had reached the door.  “Hanging up now.”

When he got into the room, Sam’s first priority was to get a shower and clean clothes.  Then he got on the laptop and started researching.  Dean was very helpful, telling every joke he could remember or invent that involved deer, moose, elk, or Sam.  After the five hundred forty-seventh, or thereabouts, Sam huffed in annoyance.  “Dean, you can either shut up, or I can smash the laptop over your head.  Your choice.”

“Dude.  You’d never break your precious like that,” Dean said.  He held up his hands when Sam picked up the laptop.  “Fine, you’re not in the right mood to appreciate my hilariousness, okay.”  He picked up the little granite frog that had caused all this.  “Why’d a frog turn you into a stag?”

“Don’t look at me.  The only thing I’ve been able to learn is that I’m a were-sambar.  It’s a type of deer native to India.”  Sam turned the laptop to show Dean a picture.

Dean’s face lit up with glee.  “Dude.  You’re a deer with a mane.  Even as an animal your hair is ridiculous and shaggy!”  He started singing “Sammy the Shaggy Mane-Deer”, and Sam squeezed his eyes shut.

He hadn’t even realized he was praying until he heard the wings.  “Sam.  What’s wrong?”  Castiel turned to look in Dean’s direction.  “Aside from your brother’s inability to sing.  Which I can’t do anything about.  I’m sorry.”

“Hi, Cas.  So, um, that cursed frog thing?”  Castiel nodded.  “It turned me into a were-sambar.”

Castiel went to Dean and took the frog from him.  Dean paused in his singing to stick out his tongue.  “Yes, I can feel it now.  The curse can be activated at any time, but it will only become apparent during the time of the full moon.  I’m sorry, Sam.”

“What exactly is the curse?” Sam asked.

Castiel turned the frog over a couple times.  “It will turn the person who touches it into a were-animal that reflects something of their nature.  You became a sambar.  Dean, I suspect, would become a mockingbird, or possibly a howler monkey.”

Sam chuckled at that.  “Any thoughts on how to break it?”

“Yes.  You won’t like it, though.”  Castiel set the frog down next to the laptop.  “The object was cursed centuries ago, by a powerful witch named Rowena.  Her son’s hatred for her is strong enough that he would likely jump at the chance to undo her work, even if it means helping you.”

“Okay, so… wait, centuries ago, but her son’s still alive?  How does that work?” Sam said.

“Strictly speaking, her son is dead.  Her son was Fergus MacLeod.”

“Crowley,” Dean said, finally shutting up and getting serious.  “Seriously?  Everything that’s happened, and you want us to call Crowley for help?  You didn’t learn a damn thing, did you!”

“It’s the quickest and easiest way to end the curse.  Rowena’s spellcraft was strong and subtle, and it would take another witch days to learn enough about this to safely reverse the spell,” Castiel said.  “Of course, you’re free to try.  Just don’t call me when Sam is stuck as a sambar or a bizarre hybrid of human and deer or exploded.”

“Fine.  We