"Hemsworth!"

 

"Here," Chris answered, a shade too heartily judging by the side glances he received as he stepped forward to get his letters.

 

"Got a sweetheart back home, Hems," Guthrie asked, quirking his eyebrows in a way he thought made him look curious and friendly but really just made him look like one of those creepy pervs you saw on post office 'WANTED' posters. Someday, Chris wanted to be the one to tell him that.

 

"Nah," Chris answered, grinning a little too much but unable to hide it.

 

"Must be," Weems cut in, opening his own letter with a smug look. "Writing every day, phone calls every Sunday. Must love your cock, man."

 

Guthrie had the good grace not to laugh too hard when Chris promptly blushed, his embarrassingly vehement denials leaving an acidic taste on his tongue. But he couldn't tell them the truth, not now, maybe not ever, and it killed him every time he lied about it.

 

'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'

 

What it really meant was don't tell, no matter how many times you were asked, no matter what you had to imply or let them infer. Never tell the truth.

 

"It's my mom, ya know, can't help making sure everything's ok," Chris hedged, grinning suddenly. "She says I better not pick up any of you lot's disgusting habits."

 

Guthrie laughed, like he had no idea what Chris might be talking about, but Weems just gave him an acknowledging nod. There was no getting around how disappointed any of their moms would be to hear the dirty words that dripped off their tongues in even the most sedate conversations.

 

"All those letters and phone calls," Guthrie couldn't seem to help prodding, making Chris wonder if there was going to be a problem he'd get court martialed for solving.

 

"Course not," Chris answered, his tone easy even though he couldn't help tensing, the envelopes crinkling in his hands. "My brothers and all that."

 

That seemed to settle it, Weems distracted by pictures of his new baby--a girl they'd named Angela after his grandmother-- and Guthrie munching on those weird ginger maple cookies his mom always sent him--he got to keep that strange conglomeration all to himself, the smug bastard. Chris'd had to tell his mom to stop sending homemade treats, much as he didn't mind sharing with his new brothers, it would be nice to get to eat more than one cookie or brownie before the tin was emptied.

 

But this one wasn't from his mom, very few of them were though he wouldn't be telling the guys that. This one was from Tom.

 

Tom, who wrote to him every day--long letters, short letters, little thoughts he couldn't wait to share, song lyrics that made him miss Chris even though he promised he didn't cry over him (he swore it was bad luck and Chris couldn't help agreeing), little moments of his life that he didn't want Chris missing out on.

 

Things Chris was glad to answer in kind, telling Tom about training; about the absolute horror of Williams' foot odor, something the man himself seemed to be oblivious to; everything about his day that he thought Tom might like to hear. And at the end of each letter, how much he loved and missed him and couldn't wait to come home to him.

 

They spent their Sunday phone calls whispering carefully, saying I love you over and over, sharing in the joy of hearing each other's voices if only for five minutes once a week, promising again to write every day.

 

"That your little brother," Guthrie asked, leaning over the end of Chris' bunk where a new photo of Tom had fallen out of the open envelope.


 



It took everything Chris had not to grab it back and cover it up, to not try and hide Tom's bright blue eyes and messy blond curls from prying eyes. He forced another grin, ignoring the irritation of a stranger seeing Tom before he could, and reached out to accept the photo calmly. "That one's Tom," he said, as if he was only one of his brothers. "And he's older actually."

Sam stared vaguely at the randomly stocked metal shelves and rows. Tinny lighthearted music pumped through the crackling speakers overhead and down another aisle Sam could hear someone humming along but he was so wrapped up in his head --in everything-- that he couldn't remember the words to a song he had annoyed Dean with every Christmas for ten years.

He walked silently up and down the aisles, looking at things. Picking them up only to put them down and move on, only to come back again a few seconds later. Because what -could- he get Dean this year.

What single gift could encompass their lives, the things they had been through, the things they had lost- Mom, Dad, Jess, Sam, and now Dean.

What could a gas station have to offer for something so important.

Sam fingered the crumpled bills in his pocket. There weren't many, and they weren't even of a high denomination, but they were his. Fair and square, no hustling, nothing illegal.

Even in a gas station they wouldn't amount to much of a gift. Especially since he hadn't given Dean one since they were kids.

He wandered, killing time more than anything, though the cashier kept darting nervous looks in his direction and shifting uneasily from foot to foot. Sam wanted to stop him and tell him he wasn't going to rob him but figured that was even more suspicious than his dedicated lingering.

He had to find something and fast. It was Christmas Day and even convenience stores had to close sometime. 

Sam looked up from several long seconds contemplating his shoelaces to find he'd wandered into the candy aisle. Not surprising. When they were kids, he and Dean used to barrel into a store and head straight for those brightly colored cardboard boxes. Dad had only ever allowed them one every few months. Sugared up kids were not ideal in a world of hunters and Dad's patience had been short even on good days.

Dean made fun of his fondness for sugar, but Dean had always had the bigger sweet tooth.

A familiar name caught his eye and with a fond grin Sam reached out and took a bar off the shelf. Whatchamacallits were Dean's favorite candy bars. Purely for the name at first and then for the peanut butter and caramel. Sam preferred Thingamajigs, chocolate and peanut butter and full of so much more sugar. 

They argued for weeks over which was the better candy bar, ignoring that they were exactly the same.

Sam carried that candy bar around like it was the Holy Grail, careful not to smash or break it. He offered the clerk a small smile as he circled the store again.

He couldn't show up with just a candy bar. Not after all the fuss and their bickering over even celebrating Christmas this year.

He cast a quick glance over the entire store, separated into categories that only the cashier ever seemed to understand. Chips and household cleaner, candy and car mats, all ridiculously overpriced but a necessary evil when you spent your entire life on the road. Two liters of soda and giant jugs of every fluid a vehicle might need, better pricing but still too high for what you got.

It wasn't quite right but still Sam came back over and over.

Sam lifted a regular jug of motor oil, thinking about the goofy grin on Dean's face when he cracked open a fresh bottle. Anything for his Baby. Tinkering and puttering under the hood like an old man in his shed. Comfortable and relaxed for the only time in his life when that hood was up and the Impala's guts were exposed. Home.

The Impala was home for Dean. 

Sam held the candy bar and motor oil in his hands, staring at them and trying to decide, justify, explain to himself, why he was going to give something so non-traditional and simple to his brother for his last Christmas.

Trying to know if he could stand knowing that he'd given Dean a candy bar and a bottle of motor oil before he died. 

"It's complicated," he admitted to the young man behind the counter.

A vague nod answered him before his items were scanned. Motor oil and a candy bar.

Oh! "Can I get a newspaper, too," he spoke absently, watching his purchases slip into a bag. A candy bar and motor oil.

Sam handed over his small wad of cash and accepted a few coins in return, picking up his bag gingerly. Oil and candy.

He'd bought his 29-year-old brother a candy bar and motor oil for Christmas.

Their first Christmas in years and it was Dean's last.

Sam looked down into his recycled plastic bag and hoped it was enough.
The bag crinkled where it was hidden against his skin as Dean carried everything into the motel room. If Sammy had been Dad he might have worried, but the kid's nose was buried in one of his school books and he didn't even notice the careful way Dean walked.

Sometimes Sam's negligence was a blessing.

Dinner would have to be Saucy-O's again but it was one of the few things Sam would always eat and that could be cooked in the can. The only utensils they had on hand were forks and even those only because they were pure silver. Handy and good for everyday use.

He touched up the salt around the door and windows while Sam put away the few grocery items and sat an opened can that contained mostly sauce on the stove to heat.

“Dean?”

“Not hungry, Sammy.” And he wasn't, not really. The bag he shouldn't have was pressed against his skin and the nerves he'd been feeling in the store tripled so that he couldn't even consider eating.

“I'm gonna grab a quick shower,” he mumbled, half-way to the bathroom door before he remembered he needed to a towel and a change of clothes.

Sammy was absorbed in his book again and didn't notice the way he stopped short, turning and bending awkwardly to grab his bag.

Dean tried to shut the door as normally as he could, not quite a slam but not gently either. Final. 

 

Water pounding on tile was loud in the still of the bathroom, the quiet of the room outside, but it didn't drown out the nervous beating of Dean's heart.

He stared at his face in the mirror, measuring himself against the knowledge that an open package of panties lay waiting for him on the counter beside his braced hand.

He was 19-years-old and it wasn't the first time in his life that he had doubted himself on the scale his father had set.

Dean swallowed, watching his hand move to caress the satiny material. It was soft and smooth and he knew it would slide over his skin like a dream.

He looked himself in the eye one more time before grabbing the hem of his t-shirt and tugging it over his head.

He took a deep breath, and then another one, undoing the straining button and zipper of his jeans. They slid off his hips easily, leaving Dean in just his shorts as he kicked them away.

The thin material of his boxers tented around his growing erection and Dean couldn't help the way he blushed. It was pathetic how fast his body was responding.

But useful too. He only had so much time before Sammy would be pounding on the door demanding to know what was taking him so long.

Impossible to explain, Dean thought with a guilty grin as he hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his underwear.

It was satisfying to tug them down and step out of them, a step toward something else.

Dean settled on the chilly toilet lid, his chosen pair in hand.

The pink ones. He knew he would always reach for the pink pair first.

They were softer than he remembered Rhonda's being, brand new rather than washed and worn; a soft, pretty pink.

Dean grimaced, mentally erasing that thought. Girl pink, soft like warm skin. That was better.

He slid the soft cloth down his chest, remembering how it felt to be held in tight by them. How Rhonda had smiled and pushed him back on the bed. How he wished he could have kept them on, cupping his balls as he slid inside of her.

Dean cradled his balls, rolling them gently between his fingers as his other hand slid the panties closer to his aching erection.

His breathing picked up, ragged as he anticipated that first touch. The way it would feel against his skin, how hard he would get as it slid over him, coming harder than he had in a long time; the complete release of it.

The pink cloth passed over the head of his erection, soaking up the moisture that had gathered at its tip.

Dean moaned, hips bucking into the touch. He shuddered, stroking his erection faster, eyes locked on the pink material passing over his skin.

He bit his lip, body straining as he tensed.

His face crumpled as the feeling built inside of him. Sweet pain that welled in his gut, spurred on by his rough fingers and the soft slide of panties.

Dean gasped, eyes straying to the opened pack, all waiting for another stolen moment just like this.

Blood rushed to his face, hot as the fluid on his stomach as he began to come.
Sammy was out of school again. It was his last chance at a store not named for its convenience.

But there were so many styles and sizes and brands. And each one came with a different color combination that made Dean feel like a fag just for considering them. And if Dad ever found them...

That just didn't bear consideration. If Corporal John Winchester, well-trained Marine and Vietnam veteran found girls panties in his 19-year-old son's duffel there would be more than hell to pay. All things considered, his father was a fairly self-controlled man. But this was so beyond the pale that Dean had no idea what his dad would do. And that made it dangerous to even be thinking about buying them.

But he and Sammy were the ones who did the laundry, and as long as a pair didn't get into Dad's duffel by mistake, and he didn't get hurt while wearing them, then no one would be the wiser and he could still...

Dean flushed, glancing around quickly and hoping he wasn't lingering more than he should. He needed to pick a package and go. He still had supplies to buy and Sammy's dinner to wrangle up before they called it an early night. The world couldn't stop just because Dean Winchester was a pervert. 

He grabbed a pack and flipped it over, hoping there would be some kind of indication to help him along. And there was, a size chart with conversions listed so he only had to guess the relative size of his waist. He hoped it had something to do with the size of his jeans.

If he was wrong he could always still use them to... Anyway, maybe it was better if they didn't fit. Then he couldn't wear them and it was totally normal for guys to use girls underwear to... Right?

Dean grabbed the first pack that looked like it was in the right size. Each pair was a different color and that seemed to agree with the freak inside of him.

He swallowed loudly, trying to be nonchalant when he added them to his nearly empty shopping cart.

He grabbed their other items quickly, burying his new unmentionables under containers of salt and jugs of water. It was so inappropriate that he almost laughed out loud.

The lines at the checkout were long, prolonging the time he was in public with his purchases and leaving him open to observation and ridicule. Dean could feel others' eyes on him, looking at the strange assortment of his shopping and then turning back to take him in. He knew how weird it had to look.

He cast furtive looks around as he neared the front of his line, placing his items on the conveyor belt slowly. Dean tried to hide the panties in among everything else even though it wouldn't save him when the cashier had to ring them up. At least they were covered again for the moment.

Dean cast his most charming smile at the lady behind the counter, he'd been practicing it for days and had it just about perfected. She nodded, scanning the first five pound bag of salt and bagging it. 

He swallowed, watching as she worked her way through his piled items. Any second now and she would see them and she would look at him and know and there was nothing he could do to hide the flush of shame spreading over his face and down his throat.

Dean coughed, clearing his throat as she picked up the package of underwear. “For my girlfriend...” he managed around his tight throat, shrugging stiffly even though she barely glanced up from putting them into a bag.

In seconds she had totaled him up and taken his money, cash so Dad would never need to know what he'd bought, throwing the receipt away when he shook his head. Definitely didn't need a paper trail of his purchases either.

Dean hurried toward the exit, arms loaded down with the things they would need for their next hunt and the small bag for the other bouncing along merrily as he walked. He hated her a little for not bagging them along with everything else. But it was better, at least this way they wouldn't get mixed in with everything else and Sammy accidentally find them. 

Didn't need the brainy little brother seeing them and asking even more impossible to answer questions.

Sammy was too smart for his own good sometimes. And freakishly observant at the worst of times. It would be hard enough sneaking them in tucked into his pants and covered by his shirt and jacket. And unless Sam was at school, alone time was non-existent. 

Dean sighed, piling the bags into the backseat and tossing the little one into the front. He was tempted to leave it on the pavement. No one would ever know he'd bought them and he could just forget the temporary insanity that had lead him to buying them. Though it was tempting to call Rhonda Hurley up again just to get a peek at her size tag. 

Which was pathetic. Buying panties in the future would be as dumb as buying them now had been and he already
's too important to throw his life away and if Bucky has to care enough for both of them, at least Steve's safe.

***

He doesn't tell Steve that he nearly got 4F too. That he'd missed a dose of his suppressant and it'd been enough for the telltale scent to give him away. 

*** 

A year ago, they wouldn't have taken an omega at all. But things are getting hairy and they need able bodied men, even the defective ones that sometimes are more hormones than sense.

And Bucky's spent years pulling Steve out of scrapes, might have forgotten that he wasn't a decent alpha or good beta if not for the pills he takes every morning. He can throw a punch with the best of them. Turns out to have a steady hand and damn near perfect aim. Still a 4F if not for the pills.

These days they're glad to dose him with something a little better than the regular stuff.

***

Bucky hates that shit too. Really hates it. Feels sick every morning, at least until he eats something, and sometimes there's not much to line his stomach with. 

He can't throw them up though and sometimes trying to keep the bastards down is worse than the spray of blood half a tick after he pulls the trigger.

But he's good at it. He's never really been good at much before.

***

The Germans are a little too giddy to find an omega in the units they've stashed in cages small enough that it takes less than three days with no suppressants before the already angry and agitated alphas start posturing for real. The tightly leashed violence they've all been trained to doesn't hold up long in the face of something no one thought would be a problem. There's a reason omegas are 4F.

He's lucky most of the guys in his own cage are betas and familiar enough with him to hold the few others back.

The catcalls are not something he's ever really had to deal with and it's hard to sleep the little any of them manage when they've spent all their waking hours composing odes to his ass and taking bets on how many it can take before he can't take anything anymore or the Germans decide an American omega is the perfect party favor.

***

It's almost a relief to be pulled out of his cage and dragged to whatever the Germans have waiting for him. 

***

(He'll never tell Steve that part).

***

Shoulda known it would be worse. Shoulda known they'd have plans. Shoulda known. Shouldashouldashoulda.

***

Steve?

***

Steve.

Not Steve.

Definitely Steve. Smells like Steve.

Doesn't look like Steve.

Smells like Steve.

Probably not Steve, but God, Bucky doesn't care. Cause Steve's home and safe and whoever this is is promising Bucky can be too. And they've been telling him for weeks how much easier it will be if he just complies, but none of them are Steve. And Steve....

***

Steve?

***

Steve.

Just not Steve like Bucky remembers.

***

"You smell different," Steve mutters, burying his nose against Bucky's collar like he used to and it takes everything Bucky has not to jump. Flinch. Scream.

Steve. Steve, his mind mutters behind all the other scrambling. For the first time his skin crawls, even though it's Steve. Maybe, he thinks, because it's Steve.

"Just the suppressants," he lies, carefully still even though the guys who were locked up with him are eying Steve like they might drag him off of Bucky if he doesn't let go soon. "Had me on some doozies."

***

He's never wanted to be back in that little room they shared in Brooklyn so much as he does now, because Steve is here and God help him, he can't leave him here, but... God.

***

Steve wants to send him home. Says he's done enough, suffered enough, and Bucky wonders who opened their yap because he's not said a word to so much as imply that there was something wrong with him.

Because there is. He can feel the wrongness crawling inside him and burning away everything that used to be him.

He tells Steve it's the suppressants. Comments on Steve's changes when that's not enough.  Walks out when even that doesn't work.

Figures people will just think he's being an omega.

***

He's right.

***

Assholes. The lot of them.

***

There's something wrong with him. Really wrong.

But Steve's so happy to be over here fighting and still perfectly happy to see Bucky honorably discharged, there's nothing he can say to anyone.

Broken and wrong is his new normal.

***

He takes three times the dosage of suppressants now. They make him shake and heave but it feels even more important to take them every morning.

Steve makes sure he's got something
only been thirteen then, his strange crush only deepening in the four years since he'd come to live with Steve and Peggy.

***

“Can we watch a movie,” Bucky asks when the stew is on to cook and he's finished as much of the essay as he can while being entirely too distracted by the subject matter. Besides, it's not due for two more days and he knows he'll get some time to do it while Steve isn't home to distract him.

And he's only really got a few more hours of having Steve all to himself before Peggy gets home.

***

Meeting Peggy for the first time goes a little more smoothly than meeting Steve. If Bucky had been old enough to analyze it, this might have been the moment he realized he was well and truly gay but it would be another two years before he'd reach that conclusion.

But Peggy was beautiful in that movie star sense and so observant that Bucky was afraid to even look at Steve while she was in the room, knowing she'd flay his thoughts open in a moment of eye contact.

He was very quiet and 'shy' in those first couple of years. At least until he stopped popping awkward boners every time Steve walked into the room.

***

They decide on a scary movie, because they've seen all the comedies, don't care for the rom-coms, but mostly because Bucky swears he can handle it, that they baby him too much and refuse to let him grow up.

Steve's eyes go all soft and sad after that and Bucky nearly storms off to his room because he hates disappointing Steve but somehow that seems to be all he's good at.

Steve must see his flight response winning out over any others, Bucky going tense and angling himself so that one sweetly condescending word from Steve will send him scurrying up the stairs. He grins like Bucky's never broken his heart. “Alright, first one to chicken out does dishes for a month.”

Bucky can't let the challenge slide (just as Steve knew, the dick) and stomps over to throw himself down beside Steve as if it wasn't his idea in the first place.

“Don't tell Peg,” Steve warns him, pressing play and settling back beside Bucky.

“I can keep a secret,” Bucky promises.

***

It was Peggy who put her foot down about Bucky watching horror films. To be fair, he'd been fifteen and sometimes begged to sleep between her and Steve.

Once again, something he realized now was probably fifty percent psychosomatic. Scary movies equals 'nightmares' equals sleeping pressed up against Steve. Bucky had loved horror movies.

Until Peggy said there'd be no more scary films, that they obviously dredged up bad feelings for him and were only hurting him.

Bucky hated himself for faking it so many times and ruining a good thing.

But she was only doing it because she cared. Never mind that Bucky had nightmares after Disney movies too.

***

“Don't tell Peg,” Steve repeats, staring wide-eyed at the screen Bucky can't even see what with Steve's hand covering his eyes.

“I can still hear it,” Bucky points out just as someone's abruptly cutoff scream was followed by the wet slick sound of guts hitting the floor. Bucky had spent three months when he was ten living with avid hunters, he knew that sound.

“Fuck,” Steve agrees, using his hand over Bucky's face to pull him closer, burying his nose in Steve's neck and using his now free hands to cover Bucky's ears.

It takes everything Bucky has not to burrow closer and soak in Steve's warmth and smell. Steve had stopped hugging him sometime last year, muttering about propriety and other bullshit, and Bucky had missed the comfort of his backbreaking squeezes ever since. Not that he thought anyone would respond well if he said so.

So...gift horses and all that. Bucky stays right where he is, using the excuse of escalating horror to grip Steve tighter.

“Is it too much,” Steve asks, curling his arm righter around Bucky's waist and pulling him closer.

“No, it's okay,” Bucky breaths, heart pounding and whole body going stiff when he realizes he is getting hard.

“Are you sure,” Steve asks again, craning his neck to try and meet Bucky's eyes despite the uncomfortable angle.

“Yeah, it's great,” Bucky whispers before he thinks about how that might sound.

“What,” Steve asks, pulling away with a frown.

“Nothing,” Bucky mumbles, averting his eyes and accidentally leading Steve's gaze to where he most wanted it to be.

“Are you…” Steve shakes his head, confusion warring with...something, his eyes drawn back to Bucky's bulge like he can't help it.

“I didn't mean to. I'm sorry,” Bucky says before blushing, because—well, duh. “I'm sorry,” he says again,
Strong arms wrapped around his chest as Kakashi slid into the warm bed. Soft lips moved casually over his shoulder blade and he forced himself to start relaxing. Iruka’s breath ghosted over him, drawing gooseflesh along his chilled skin even as the brunette pulled Kakashi closer to his warmth. He shivered as heat started to seep into his extremities and Iruka gave him another slow kiss.  “Tough mission?” The quiet question came at last, the only one his chunin lover ever asked him on nights when he crawled into their bed, shaking body and soul from more than just the temperatures outside.  “Aa,” he sighed, a noncommittal answer from a noncommittal man. Iruka’s hand slid across his chest, questing fingers easily finding the scars that hadn’t marked his skin when he had left. The longest –deepest– resided directly above Kakashi’s heart and it was here that Iruka’s caress stilled. “A bad one,” he whispered finally, gently stroking the ragged edges of his love’s newest burden. “Seen worse, surv-” “Survived worse, I know.” The brunette crowded closer, chasing cold death away from his lover and replacing it with the warmth of life. His life, their evolving life together.  Kakashi turned easily in his grasp when Iruka tugged; bringing them face-to-face after more weeks than either of them cared to admit. He knew what Kakashi needed after so long on a mission centered on death– warm, moving, breathing life to hold him as he forgot about where he had been, where he would go again.  His fingers were finally warm when Kakashi trailed them over Iruka’s lips, silently begging for the comfort they would give. Iruka moved slowly, Kakashi needed to experience every fleeting touch. He sighed when their lips finally met, breath hitching as he tried to breathe warmth and comfort back into the older man. Kakashi was surprisingly pliant when Iruka pressed him onto his back– intent on loving him and Kakashi content in being loved. He laid there calmly as Iruka pressed a final kiss to his mouth and made his way to Kakashi’s chest.  Nights like tonight there would be no playful nips or pinching of his sensitive nipples; no hard and fast fucking, no matter how much they might like it; it was about slow and careful love-making. Gentle kissing and licking in all of Kakashi’s favorite spots before wetting his fingers and slowly working them inside his emotionally hurting lover. Kind caresses as he relaxed under his ministrations enough to add another finger to prepare him for something much larger.  Nights like tonight, Kakashi remained quiet, locked in regret for the past days, and leaving it to Iruka to draw him back. His first few thrusts were met with little reaction, the jonin still unhappily within his own mind until Iruka’s erection brushed over something that grabbed his attention in a hurry.  His eyes ripped up to meet Iruka’s with an expression akin to pain tightening the skin around them. Iruka smiled and did it again. And again after that. The sun was peaking over the horizon when Kakashi finally calmed his breathing enough to speak. “Well, what have you to say for yourself? “Just one thing.” “What’s that?” “Good morning.”