“I wonder if Kuromaru is actually a boy or a girl,” Ikkuu says thoughtfully, making Kirie scowl.

“Does it matter?” she folds her arms across her chest.

“Not really.”

“Then why’d you bring it up!” Kirie is annoyed, as she always is these days. Touta Konoe is a strange existence indeed, stirring the whole Holder into complete disarray with his mere presence.

“Want to go see how their training is going?” he smiles and the scowl she sends his way would be enough to make any other man back off, but he’s pretty used to it by now.

“I don’t care how that… incompetent is doing,” she turns her nose up. “Besides, it’ll probably be dangerous. I don’t feel like dying today.”

“Hai, hai,” he says lightly and returns to the book he’s been reading. After a few minutes of silence, he can literally feel Kirie vibrating with annoyance without even looking in her direction. Teasing her never gets boring.

“I’m going for a walk!” she gets up and stops off, not for a second fooling him. She’s going to spy on Touta and Kuromaru, it’s been her favourite pastime as of late. He follows her a moment later.

They’re in their usual training spot, behind the hot springs where it’s usually safe enough to go all out without hurting anyone or destroying too much. No one wants to get on Makabe-senpai’s bad side after all. The two youngest immortals in their ranks are fighting with enthusiasm, though a brawl with their bare fists might be a better description of this ‘training’. They’re practically rolling around in the dirt, but there are smiles on both their faces.

“What are you doing here,” Kirie hisses at him from her hiding spot. They haven’t noticed him yet and she drags him into the bushes with a surprising amount of strength. His mechanic body isn’t exactly light.

“I’m sure they’d let you watch or join in if you asked,” Ikkuu says, making himself comfortable. Kirie goes red on the face.

“S-shut up, it’s not like that.”

“Hm.”

Kirie punches him, but quickly withdraws her hand, wincing in pain. “Idiot cyborg,” she complains.

“Is that all you’ve got, Kuromaru?!” Touta shouts and all of a sudden he’s kicking up a sandstorm, using shunpo as a makeshift attack. The ex-immortal hunter produces a sword from nowhere and slices through the incoming hail of sand and stones with ease.

“Looks like they’re getting serious,” Ikkuu smiles. His sensors are picking up a rush of ki being released. Beside him, Kirie’s face lights up in excitement; only because she doesn’t know he’s watching.

Then something obviously goes wrong, because there’s an explosion and before he can really process what is happening, he finds himself curled over Kirie, defensive shield activating just before the visual feed from his eyes cuts out and his internal systems shut down.

When his backup power activates seconds later, he’s being rushed back to the mansion. Touta and Kuromaru are carrying him, both covered head to toe in dirt, blood and oil. The sound is cutting out, some of the microphones in his ears must be damaged. Kirie is saying something frantically, her face pale. She’s holding what appears to be his detached arm, wires torn and tangled.

“I … save point … stupid,” she’s obviously angry but marches on beside him. Then she visibly sighs, her face relaxing a little. She leads them to one of his usual mechanics, where Touta unceremoniously dumps his broken body. His vocal output isn’t working either, so he sits there quietly while he’s being slowly put together. Kirie seems to have calmed down. She’s glancing at him every other minute, alternatively worried and annoyed. It’d be almost cute, if he wasn’t certain she’d kill him and bring him back to life just to show him how stupid he’s being.

When he’s finally restored to somewhat working condition, it’s quite late and she’s fallen asleep leaning against one of the assembly machines. She’s grabbing onto his hand in a way that isn’t at all romantic, it would probably be rather painful if he was able to feel it.

“Just in case I need to reset,” she mumbles in her sleep.

 

 

 
left. His vision is swimming and dark, just barely good enough to see the pale, weak Angel writhing in pain beneath him.

“Gabe,” he tries to say, but nothing comes out of his mouth and he feels like someone has gripped his voice box and yanked it right out of him. “Gabriel,” he manages to squeeze out after all, forcing himself. The former Trickster gropes around blindly for Sam’s hand, seeking reassurance.

“Hey Sasquatch,” he grinds out somewhere between the gurgling of blood in his throat.

Sam wants to take Gabe and run, to save them even at the cost of the world burning up in Lucifer’s misguided wrath, but it’s too late – the fallen angel is already so close, wielding a sword of flame and darkness. He’s ready to make his move, but Sam has no intention of going with his plan. There would be no final, massive showdown. He just wants to save Gabriel.

“Oh, brother.” Lucifer’s mouth twists up in a wicked attempt at a smile. “Not you too,” he practically whines, dropping his arms down in mock defeat. “Another one gone over a human,” he shakes his head in disappointed. “Did the burning of infant Nephilim teach you nothing?”

“Fuck you,” Sam spits out, looking him directly in the eyes. He may be the fucking Devil, but he’s standing between a Winchester and his Angel, which you should never ever want to do.  

“Sam,” Gabriel calls hoarsely, his fists balled in the younger Hunter’s jacket. “Don’t.”

He’s practically begging.

“You should listen to him, you know,” Lucifer giggles gleefully. “You don’t stand the ghost of a chance.” He’s entirely too pleased with his own joke for Sam’s liking and he’s ready to punch the bastard if he has to resort to that.

But Gabriel’s hand tightens around his wrist and he feels a tug on it. It’s the sign they’ve used before, a signal for Sam to close his eyes – usually in a much safer and intimate situation, but he obeys anyway. He doesn’t even think about it, he just does it. He trusts Gabriel, though he’s worried. Whatever the Angel is going to do, Sam doesn’t like the possibility of.

“Hey Sam,” Gabriel’s hand is on his cheek; trembling. Sam blindly puts his own over it, feeling the fading warmth of his Angel’s body. He chokes back unintelligible words which are bubbling up in his chest.

“I think I might be falling for you.” Sam feels, rather than seeing, the wide grin on the former Trickster’s face. He can’t stop his closed eyes  from watering. Lucifer, surprisingly, doesn’t mock him for crying at the scene of the final battle, in fact he’s silently watching them. Uncomprehending.

“Gabe, I-,” Sam starts, but then he feels the last of the warmth in his Angel’s hands seep away and he’s thrown backwards. Even his firmly closed eyelids flash with brightness and he thinks he can hear Lucifer scream. Or maybe it’s him, still pulling at the empty space where Gabriel had been merely a fraction of a second before.

When he finally opens his eyes, he notices he’s in a giant, smoking crater. Lucifer is not far off, swaying on his feet. He might be saying something in a language Sam has never heard of, but doesn’t care to learn of at the moment, because he’d rather chop off the Devil’s head with one clean sweep of his own sword. Which is exactly what he does, pushing all his frustration, confusion and anger into one thrust. He doesn’t hesitate and suddenly, it’s over.

He’s just barely holding himself together; his whole body is wrecked by deep, sharp sobs and he just can’t stop the tears from flowing now. He’s somehow survived the blast of Grace which burned the ground for miles around, but Gabriel – his Angel, his everything, has vanished from existence without a trace. The Archangel had sacrificed himself for them again.

❖

Three months after the defeat of Lucifer, Sam still misses Gabe so much he’s ready to rip his own heart out and join him in Heaven, despite how strongly he hates almost everybody else up there. He won’t though, because deep down, he knows they will meet again. Yeah, Gabriel had a little red on his ledger and some bad history with the big guys back in Heaven, but he was an Archangel who had prevented the Apocalypse. There was no way they wouldn’t let him in. Or so he reasons with himself, against everything the Universe keeps throwing at him. As long as there is that little sliver of hope that the former Trickster’s Grace survived and made it back, that one day he’d find Gabriel waiting
check only by Hashirama’s strong will and immeasurable patience. “Do not speak like this, brother,” he says to Tobirama. “Put away your blade,” he says to Madara. Neither moves an inch.

The younger Senju wants to tell his brother everything, to make him see what monster he was protecting. But it is better if he doesn’t know, so he keeps his mouth shut and withdraws from the office, silently angry and bitter.

Madara hates Tobirama because he took away Izuna’s life.  That much is obvious.

That Tobirama hates Madara because he took away Izuna’s freedom is a secret.

*

Izuna came to him on a quiet day, armed only with the deceiving innocence of his smile. His eyes were red – not because his clan’s cursed bloodline, but because he had been crying. He looked so young.

Tobirama had been on guard at first, one hand on the hilt of his sword, but the Uchiha only sat down on the riverbank and spoke, not awaiting a reply. He spoke of the chaos within his clan, of the children who had died fighting, of how his brother is desperate for power. Eventually, Tobirama listened. Day after day, they met and spoke, until the barrier of mistrust between then vanished.

“Why did you approach me that day?” Tobirama asked eventually, his back resting against a tree, Izuna nearly leaning against his side.

“Because I needed to confide in someone. Who better than the one person my brother cannot press for answers? You were an enemy, outside of his influence,” the young Uchiha responded with a shrug.

“Am I, still?” Tobirama looked into those dark eyes, searching for any sign of a lie.

“I don’t know,” Izuna replied, but then placed his lips over the Senju’s, carefully.

*

Over the years of fighting, their meetings became less frequent, but Tobirama secretly thrived on every moment they exchanged a word or a touch, while conflicted over the interests of his heart and his mind. Still, these thoughts eventually grew smaller and smaller, while the worry for Izuna increased every time they saw each other in or outside of battle. The young Uchiha became quieter and quieter, worn with war and troubles no young man of his age should bear and Tobirama knew exactly why. Izuna had confided everything in him over time, from his brother’s excessive worry for his safety, to the obsession, the controlling oppression of everything he did. It was a selfish, self-serving love that drove Madara to near insanity, clinging onto Izuna’s every breath.

“This has to end,” Izuna said one day, softly placing his hands on Tobirama’s face. He was about to agree, letting forth the many words he had thought over time about Madara’s treatment of his younger brother, but he was silenced by the Uchiha shaking his head.

“He will never let me go so long as I’m alive,” they both knew it was true. A dreadful, dreadful panic filled Tobirama’s heart.

Izuna was too good, too pure to die, he deserved so much more than a short life filled with bloodshed and the feeling of being trapped in his brother’s clutches.

“This is my choice, Tobirama. I want to give him my eyes – maybe then he will finally see reason. If it will put an end to all the fighting, it’ll be worth it,” the younger man said, but his hands were shaking. Tobirama couldn’t bear the thought.

“I want you to do it,” Izuna guided the Senju’s larger, stronger hands with his own to the clasp of his belt, looking up at him. Tobirama retracted them, mind still reeling with the implications of what the Uchiha had said before. Izuna kissed him again, more decisively now.

“I want to forget all the bad things, just for a while. Please, Tobirama,” he pulled off his own shirt, baring the pale, pale skin to the Senju’s eyes. Izuna was beautiful, untouched and desperate. Tobirama might have resisted the temptation, like he had been time after time when Izuna breached his private space, touching or kissing him, but now… there could not be another time.

*

The next time they met in battle, Izuna purposefully stood in the way of his blade. Tobirama’s control crumbled the moment he felt his attack make contact, but it was too late. His lover coughed up blood, falling to his knees.

“It’s… okay,” he tries to say, choking. “This is my choice. I l-,” he is cut off, Madara’s arm wrapping around him quickly. The Uchiha steals him away and that... is the last time he ever sees Izuna. The news of his death spreads thought the warring clans quickly after and Madara returns to the battlefield wielding the Mangekyo Sharingan.

This isn’t… what Izuna intended, but eventually the fighting calms down and the grief stricken Madara is given a chance to make things right on the

"Now, shall we dance?"



Today again a beautiful young man comes to me
That smiling you will become my new favourite


Harry stands at the doorstep, staring at the beautiful face before him, feeling his free will being crushed and replaced with a compulsion to follow this beautiful man's wishes.


A forbidden deal with the devil, this power placed in my hands
All the men that look at me are falling enchanted


Voldemort smiles to himself. This lovely young man was his.
'Oh, Harry, how long have I been waiting for this?” he says gently.


With the power to charm men
The man, to the basement of the mansion where he lives alone
Brings one by one the young men he likes
Building up his harem



The taste of libido that hid poison, the pleasure of the blade that cut
Blood and sweat mixed together, turn before long into drops of purple
Once the clothes come off, there’s no return to reality


Voldemort scrapes the blade along the boy's back, entranced by the beautiful noises he makes, writhing underneath him. He enters the warm body and loses himself to the frantic movement of his new lover.


[Serial disappearances of young males throughout England – Missing Persons List, Vol. 1
Cedri Diggory: 20, auror
Draco Malfoy: 18, aristorat
Sirius Black: 32, unemployed
Seamus Finnigan: 18, fortune teller
Fred Weasley: 22, joke shop owner
George Weasley: 22, joke shop owner
Neville Longbottom: 20, herbologist
Colin Creevey: 16, baker
Remus Lupin: 32, unemployed]



My old portraits were burned; I abandoned my past self
I want to forget that face that everyone ridiculed and laughed at


Voldemort watches as all evidence of Tom Marvolo Riddle is burnt away.


I kiss the lovely boy as I embrace him
He was my worst enemy, one that made a fool out of me


Harry complies easily, Voldemort tasting his lips slowly, savouring the taste.
Never will Harry again raise his wand at him.


From a certain day on, the young men from all over the country
One by one, they became lost without notice
Some were husbands; some lost their sons
And didn’t know what to do



The tone of libido dyed in darkness; an infinite passion without stop
Illusions, the understanding of everything; I am no longer a person
Doing depravities in defiance of God, this is the night of madness I wished for


Voldemort kisses all over Harry's body, marking the skin, claiming it. He finally has that which he longed for since he first laid his eyes on the beautiful boy. Now noone can stop him, he has everything he has ever wished for.


[Serial disappearances of young males in England – Missing Persons List, Vol. 2



Viktor Krum: 21, Quidditch player
Theodre Nott: 18, unspeakable
Blaise Zabini: 18, beautician
Barty Crouch Jr.: 32, spy
Charlie Weasley: 24, Dragon tamer
Terry Boot: 18, journalist
Rodolphus LeStrange: 35, unemployed
Randolph Burrow: 20, quidditch player
Rabastan LeStrange: 36, duelling teacher]



Today again a beautiful young man comes to me
Come into my embrace, let’s dance in this harem
After you approach me, I hold you close with a smile; in that instant
Suddenly there is a sharp pain and blood dyes my chest


Voldemort looks up and sees brilliant red hair slip from under the wig.
“You stole Harry from me, now you will die.” Ginny says, fire in her eyes.


A young woman that searched for her lost love
She found out his whereabouts: the mansion where the devil dwelled
The young woman disguised as a man approached the devil
And stabbed him in the chest with a blade


Ginny had been looking for her Harry for 3 years, now they would be reunited.


Pierced by the blade that hid poison
I collapsed in that place
Blood and sweat mixed together, are turning before long into drops of purple
My arts broken, the young men all came to their senses and fled the mansion
The last one that left the mansion looked at me for just a second
It was my old enemy....Wait!


Harry lingers, looking at Voldemort with sad eyes. He never hated the man, he probably could've loved him if the other hadn't subdued him with magic against his will. It was this betrayal that Harry hated the most.


I haven't told yet that I love you 


Voldemort breathes his last, surrounded by darkness, clutching his chest with a hand stained with purple blood. Alone.
, not in the last fourteen years.

“Just…take your father’s journal and run, please,” she begged, putting her bloodied hand over his gently. “I’ve lost too much blood anyway. Please, run. They will be back up soon.” She coughed blood and Dean couldn’t stand this anymore.

“Just… shut up, Mom, I’ll get you out,” he didn’t want the useless journal. It was a worthless relic of a man who left them many years ago. He’d rather have his mom, alive. He picked her up as gently as he could and ran down the stairs and towards the car. He could already hear the Demon’s cursing and snarling as they chased after him. He was just placing Mary on the back seat of the Impala, trying his best to ignore the pool of blood under his hands, when one of the Demons caught up to him. He had a knife out and tried to aim for Dean, but he was faster.

Betting it all on one punch, he smashed his fist into the Demon’s jaw, sending him almost flying backwards. Not looking back, Dean jumped into the front seat of his car and drove off at full speed, leaving the enraged two men in the darkness behind.

“Dean…” Mary choked out weakly from the back seat. “The journal…”

“Will you stop with the stupid journal!” Dean practically screamed, chastising himself for it a second later. “Let’s get you some help. Don’t quit on us now, not after everything.”

“Dean… please…” Mary coughed and Dean listened to his own frantic heartbeat, mindlessly driving forward. It took him a long moment to realise she didn’t continue. Worried, he whipped his head around. Mary’s eyes stared at the roof of the car lifelessly.

“No! Mom!”

He slammed his foot down on the brake in panic and squeezed through the gap between the front seats into the back.

“Mom?”



❖

Sam was having a nice, quiet lunch with Jess , who was excitedly chattering away about a friend of hers who managed to fail every single test in the academic year even though she studied every day, when the ding of the doorbell snapped him out of all thoughts of just taking the little jewellery box out of his pocket.

“Did you invite anyone? We never get unexpected visitors,” Jess frowned in confusion. She had a little bread crumb stuck to her lip, it was adorable, if Sam was allowed to think so.

“I’ll get it,” he said quickly, hoping to use a minute to strengthen his resolve to finally propose.

When he opened the door, the sight in front of him was enough to render him speechless with shock.

“Dean?” he choked out after a moment. His brother was covered in dirt, blood and looked like he hadn’t slept all night. There was redness around his eyes, he’d even been crying. Sam’s heart froze.

“I’ll be back in five!” he shouted vaguely into the house and quickly stepped out, closing the door behind them. He didn’t want to let Jess see Dean like this, it would scare her.

Dean stood frozen in front of him, his eyes cast down and empty.

“Dean? What happened?” Sam’s voice shook a little with anxiety.

“Tell Jess to go to someone else for her own safety and stay there for the night. Meet me in the car,” Dean seemed to force himself to say, before stalking off to the Impala with heavy steps.

Sam was confused, but he also knew his brother would not bother him if it wasn’t extremely important. He had always placed Sam before anyone else, much to Sam’s discomfort. He hated knowing how much his brother had sacrificed to make life at least a little normal for him. He’d never asked for it, it was as if Dean had been running on autopilot since the Incident. It was always ‘look out for Sammy. Nothing else matters.’

So he followed Dean’s demand at once, sending a very distraught Jess to her friend’s house for the night, sharing a quick kiss with her before leaving to meet Dean in the car. They drove off quickly and in a tense silence, Dean stared ahead with his lips forming a thin line.

“Mom is dead,” he finally said levelly; voice cold and distant. Sam felt his heart stop for a long moment and then come alive furiously, trying to jump out of his chest.

“What?! How? Dean!” he tried to get his brother to look at him desperately.  “What happened?”

“It was my fault,” Dean ground out and now Sam could see the imminent onset of anger. It was swirling just beneath the surface, he could see it in his brother’s green eyes, which were now shadowed with grief and guilt battling for dominance.

“I’m sure it wasn’t,” Sam reassured. Dean was the
was significant. He couldn’t keep this up, against the strange Mokuton wielding plant man of unknown origin. This wasn’t like anything he’d ever fought before, but Kakashi wasn’t an elite of the elite for nothing. Using his left hand to throw out an explosive note, he created some distance between himself and his opponent by going out of the door quickly and then whistled. Before the smoke cleared, his nin-dogs, minus Pakkun and Bull collected in front of him.

“Hold him down for me if you get a chance,” he panted and the pack barked back its’ agreement, launching into attack formation at once. Vines and smoke shot out of the suddenly breached wall, but his dogs dodged them, advancing on the creature. Kakashi took out a kunai with his working hand and channelled lighting chakra through it, before throwing it into the fray. He heard an impact and the vines fell limp onto the scorched and crumbling floor.

“Now!” he commanded his dogs and they gripped onto each of the plan-man’s limbs.

“Just one more...” Kakashi thought, gathering chakra in his left hand this time. His vision was beginning to go blurry, from the continued use of the Sharingan, lightning chakra and the Raikiri. He jumped forward, stabbing the creature once more. It finally stilled and crumpled to the floor lifelessly. The Copy Ninja let out a shaking breath and checked for a pulse. There was nothing, so he covered his Sharingan and turned away, to find his students as fast as possible. If only he had stayed, he would have seen the strange man split in two, the dead white half collapsing in on itself. The black half then devoured it, to every last hair, before beginning to rise up again. Another white creature appeared out of the wall, then another and another. One approached the black half and they merged together, their flesh fusing and transforming anew.

*

Naruto, Sakura and Sasuke were stopped in their tracks by three strange white creatures. Immediately getting in their fighting stances, the Genin were trying their best to keep calm in their first real fight. These were the enemies that had taken down a squad of Chuunin. Sakura’s knees were shaking, but she straightened up, a determined expression on her face.

The three white figures moved towards them, their movements fluid. Naruto breathed in, trying to steady himself, not to rush in, when Sasuke made the choice for him and shot forward, attacking the closest creature with several kunai, which it dodged and extended it’s arm, getting a hold of the Uchiha’s sleeve. Before Naruto could process what was happening, an exact copy of Sasuke stood before them and formed the handseals for Gokakyuu no Jutsu. The three Genin dodged frantically, barely escaping the blazing fireball.

“Don’t let them touch you,” Sasuke grunted, getting to his feet in a defensive stance in front of his cone.

“No shit,” Naruto snorted, jumping up like a spring, just out of the reach of another one of the strange white creatures. Beside him, Sakura almost got caught but managed to chop off her assailant’s arm with a decisive slash of her kunai. Panting heavily, she fell to the ground, her breath shaky and quick.

Naruto needed to create distance between himself and the strange creature, but the only jutsu that might have been useful there that he knew required a water source. If only he could conjure enough water from the air… but that wasn’t an option now. Instead, he tossed half of all the kunai he had in quick progression, just to keep the creatures away. Sasuke was engaged in a taijutsu battle with his doppelganger, not paying much attention to his teammates.

“L-looks like it has all the same abilities as Sasuke-kun!” Sakura exclaimed still somewhat shaken, but more attentive now. Kakashi’s hellish training had paid off after all.

“So… they copy you by touch? We can’t let them get to us. Sakura, do you know any jutsu?” Naruto tried to think frantically, but with the blood pumping loudly in his ears and trying to watch their enemies’ movements, he couldn’t quite concentrate. Calm down, he told himself, but it didn’t really work. Sakura threw a few of her own shuriken in, protecting Naruto just in time.

“We need to take down the Sasuke-clone! Then he can help us with the other two,” the blond said, back to back with Sakura now, both on the defensive. The white creatures were now recovering from their attack and were about to run towards them again.

“Kawarimi with Sasuke,” Sakura told him then, her eyes suddenly bright with determination.

“Are you out of your MIND? That’ll never work, 'tebayo!” Naruto panicked, pushing her sideways to avoid one of the creature’s arm that had shot towards them. “It’s really not that sort of jutsu!”

“Just DO It,” the girl commanded, throwing the rock she’
angel’s shoulders and he holds on as though all hell would break loose if he let Cas out of his grasp again. Somewhere in the background he maybe hears Sam’s sloppy attempt to make sense of his too-long limbs and get up, but he’s still clutching on to Cas, thinking he’s back, he’s alive over and over in his head like a desperate mantra.

“Dean…” the angel seems taken aback by the sudden closeness and squirms a little within the embrace. Dean reluctantly draws away and it feels like all the moisture in his body has run up to his eyes, because his mouth feels dry and unable to make a single sound while the two treacherous optical organs are attempting to make a giant crybaby out of him.

“You’re alive?” Sam saves him asking the question which is weighing his tongue down like lead. Castiel turns around to look coolly at him and nods hesitantly.

“How’d you get out?” Dean finally regains control of himself. “I was there, and angel of the Lord or not, you can’t have made it out alone after all that,” he says sourly, recalling the drop in his stomach when Castiel’s sweaty, dirty fingers slipped through his own and he saw the angel fall out of sight before he was consumed by blinding blue light. He could still feel the desperation of Cas’ call for him reverberating through his whole being, suddenly feeling short of air.

“I don’t know,” the angel’s gaze drops guiltily.

“How can you not know?” Dean’s voice lowers a little and he clenches his fists. He’s frustrated and fucking sick of always being in the dark about everything. Sam walks up to them and pushes Dean away from Cas a little with a gentle pull on his shoulder.

“So… how long have you been back?” he cuts in before Dean can start being a bitch and scare away the angel again. The older Winchester understands this all too well and begrudgingly shuts his mouth in favour of carefully looking at Cas – it seems like he’s barely even standing and could break any moment. Dean’s not even going to try to label how many kinds of wrong that is. He’s supposed be a bloody Angel of the Lord. Hell, he even became God for a while.

And now he was swaying on his feet, covered in blood and dirt, looking like death warmed over. He’s unresponsive. Dean’s shoulders drop as a wave of guilt washes over him so strongly he feels sick, so he does the only thing he can think of and throws Castiel’s arm over his own shoulder and begins to drag him slowly towards the motel, careful at every step. The angel’s eyelids keep fluttering shut and his head bobs up and down as he tries to fight exhaustion. It’s such a disturbingly human thing to do, that Dean doesn’t even know what to think of it – so he ignores it altogether and carries on walking, dismissing his brother’s insistent chattering he can hear from a few steps behind them.

He holds onto Castiel tightly and pushes forward. It’s a start.



❖

When Cas is cleaned up and resting on the bed, Dean still can’t calm down. Sammy is telling him not to blame himself or something, he doesn’t really care. He sits by the angel’s side and nervously fidgets with his hands. It’s his fault that the angel had to go through all that. He watches quietly as Castiel’s eyes snap open almost mechanically and he sits up, stiff angel movements and all.

“Dean,” he says, staring unblinkingly at the hunter with those intense eyes, which somehow seem cooler than ever, making Dean’s stomach twist and turn uncomfortably.

“How are you feeling?” he forces himself to ask, his voice just a little too light, trying to avoid Castiel’s intrusive gaze.

“My physical form has fully recovered.”

The angel shifts a little, not letting Dean look away.

“What did Sam mean, that you missed me so much you almost died from grief?” Cas asks levelly.

He clearly has no idea how much it costs Dean not to scoff and bury himself in denials seven inches thick. The thing is, he can’t lie to Cas, not after dishonesty had once ruined everything between them and pushed the world to the brink of destruction.

“When did he say that?” he replies, surprised slightly and maybe he’s stalling just a little longer because this is what Dean Winchester, denial extraordinaire, does.

“When you were helping me walk back here,” Castiel replies calmly, though maybe there’s a slight hint of urgency buried in there. Dean runs a hand through his hair nervously, but he smiles anyway. Hell, maybe he will scare Cas off or whatever, but at least the lucky feathered bastard is alive and safe again.

“There was this creature… a Letun or something,” Dean finally says, not really knowing where to start