Sometimes Russell gets almost to the edge, the edge of not caring, not giving a shit, of just going after Guy, shoving him up against the wall, getting a hand on his cock and just taking, damn their director and screenwriter sitting before them, he does everything else in front of an audience, why not fucking?

And just when he’s there, desire and rage indistinguishable from each other, crashing around inside him, crushing all rational thought, Guy’s eyes will widen, and his lips will part, he’ll turn towards Russell and that hint of submission, of ‘you can have anything you want, because you know what, here’s my secret, I want it, too,’ will drag him back to reality, to the room they inhabit, the era, the men they actually are, actors, not cops.

They’re staying in the same hotel, on the same floor, and sometimes they see each other in the morning at breakfast, or at night, both of them happening to end up in the bar just before closing time, slamming down shots, because that’s what Russell does, and Guy seems determined to prove he can keep up.

The thing about drinking too much, and the only reason Russell knows this (because he’ll never admit anything about himself, only about the people he’s paid to pretend to be) is from playing characters who do, is that it creates the best plausible deniability, a perfect excuse.  Couldn’t help it, you can’t blame me, it’s not something I would ever otherwise do, but, hey, I was drunk!  So he lets the freedom settle over him, lets his body lean against Guy’s as they ride in the elevator, back upstairs to their rooms.  Guy’s got his lower lip between his teeth, a gesture more Exley than Pearce, and Russell thinks, ok, so that’s how you want it?  We can do that, no problem.  He doesn’t lunge in, like he wants to, doesn’t grab and take, he just stares, trapped animal focused on nothing but the prey just out of reach.  He can see Guy knows exactly what effect he’s having, watches him fight away the smile threatening to force its way across his face.

The bell dings, the doors slide open, and Guy steps forward, walks down the carpeted hall, and Russell follows, just a step behind.  Outside his room, Guy searches his pockets for his keys and Russell takes advantage of the pause,  looms over him like a threat.  Guy twitches, lets his hand tremble as he unlocks the door, and momentary envy shoots through Russell.  “How do you do that?” he says, without even thinking, and cringes after he does.  Guy doesn’t answer, just turns around and grabs onto Russell’s wrist.  He backs into his room, pulling Russell along with him.

Guy doesn’t turn on the lights, doesn’t need to, because the dark is better.  Night is safe in a way day can never be.  They don’t have to choose roles in the dark, know who they are, who the other is, they just have to be, and it’s no surprise to find Guy’s hand on his lower back, drawing him closer.

“Yeah?” Russell says, and Guy’s hand slides down, over his ass.  “Yeah?” he says, again, because he wants to hear Guy speak, wonders what words he’ll say, what accent he’ll be using, but all he gets is a lifted chin, Guy’s neck bared.  He’ll take it.  What he wants now, so different from those afternoons rehearsing, is not taking and having, but learning, knowing, how Guy smells, what he tastes like.  He nuzzles his nose against Guy’s throat, inhales deep, his tongue presses out from between his lips, drags slowly up heated skin, again and again, already addicted, first to the salt of his sweat, then to the flavor underneath.

Guy clings like he counts on Russell to hold him up, be his protector from gravity.  “Fuck, yeah,” he hisses when Russell bites him, and grins when he’s pushed down to his bed.
It’s not until round three that they even get all their clothes off and make it to the bed.  They haven’t said anything more to each other than harder, yeah, that’s so good, right there, come on, do it, fuck me, and as Jaden licks deeper inside Alex, she suddenly wants to hear more.  She slows the pace of her fingers stroking over Alex’s clit, reluctantly draws her mouth away from the hot slick of her pussy.  “Tell me how much you want this.”

“What?” Alex gasps, cracks open her eyes.  “Why- don’t stop,” she whines.  “I’m so close.”

“I know,” Jaden says, “so beg me for it.”

“Are you serious?”

“You know I am.”

“Whatever, it’s not like I can’t get myself off.”  Alex slides a hand down her body, but Jaden grabs her wrist, pins it to her side.  “Should have known I wouldn’t get out of this without you making me fight for it.”

“No, no fighting.”  Jaden leans down and flicks her tongue back and forth over the nub of Alex’s nipple until she’s whimpering.  “Just say it,” she says, makes her voice a little bit sweeter than sharp, tries to ask rather than demand.  “Come on, Alex, just say please, and I’ll finish you off so good, you know I will.”  She doesn’t look up, knows it’ll be easier for Alex to give in if she isn’t being watched.

“Please.”  It’s just a wisp of a whisper.

“What was that?  Didn’t quiet hear you.”  Jaden can’t help smirking.

“Please, Jaden, please.”

This time the words sends a shiver up Jaden’s spine.  She pushes her fingers deep inside Alex, sucks at her clit until she comes.

“That was,” Alex sighs after she’s caught her breath again, “really nice.”

“I’ve had better,” Jaden says, rolling over on her back, but she makes sure Alex catches her wink.  She feels wrung out, satisfied, but also a little bit sad, like something’s missing.  “Dude, if Thom could have watched this?  Jerk-off material for the rest of his life!”  Jaden snickers until she notices Alex’s wet eyes.  “Sorry,” she says, tracing Alex’s collarbone with her index finger.  “It’s bad for me, too, still, but it’s easier, somehow, if I can talk like it’s not, like I’m over it.  It’s just how I deal, you know?”

“No, it’s ok, I get it.  You’re probably right.  It’s just, when I think about him, there’s so many things I wish were different.  So many things that went wrong.”

“Hey,” Jaden says, knocking her fist up underneath Alex’s jaw, a pretend punch, “take it easy.”

“Yeah.”  Alex slides out of bed and collects her dress from the floor.  “I should probably go.”

“No kidding,” says Jaden.  She knows if Alex stays, one or both of them may end up wanting more and that would be a problem in a way a one-time fuck and run is not.  Sexual contact between agents is not forbidden but it’s discouraged, and only an idiot would let the higher ups in Division get any kind of emotional leverage, like a relationship, over them, anyway.  She turns over on her side, watches Alex shimmy into her clothes.  “You looked really hot tonight.”

“So did you.”

“I always look hot.”

Alex grins so pretty that Jaden wishes things were different, too.  “Yeah, you do.”

 

“Nikita.”

“Alex?” Nikita murmurs, recognizing her by voice before she’s even opened her eyes.

“Yeah, it’s me.”  Alex sits down on the side of the bed, facing Nikita, reaches out a hand to brush silky hair away from her face.

Nikita jerks at the touch and sits up, puts her own hands on Alex’s shoulders, staring into her eyes.  “What’s happened?  Are you hurt?”

“No, I’m ok.  It was just, it was a really bad night and I needed-”  Alex swallows, drops her eyes.  “I wanted to see you.”

Nikita takes Alex’s hand into her own.  “You’re freezing,” she says, and pulls Alex in, so that their torsos press together.  Alex leans her head on Nikita’s shoulder, closes her eyes and breathes in her familiar scent.  “What happened?  Tell me.”

“I was on assignment.  I had to - the target wasn’t giving up the information Division needed.  We were at her place and her little six year old boy was in the other room.
the same charge he always does when they stare at each other.  This is part of what links them together, whether they admit it to each other, or themselves, or not, looking at each other, sharing these long moments of wanting and waiting.  And Sam wonders what Dean would admit in return if Sam could just bring himself to say, “Every time I jerk off, I think about you.  Even if I’m fucking someone else I imagine you’re there, in the room with us, right behind me.”  Instead, he gets up and crosses the room to the ratty sofa and turns on the tv with the remote.  The last person who stayed here left it on ESPN.  “Kansas is on,” he tells Dean.

“Yeah?” Dean perks up immediately.  He gets up from the bed and sits down on the other end of the couch, as far away from Sam as he can get.  “Few minutes left in the first,” Dean says.  “We should get pizza, beer, during halftime.”

“Yeah,” Sam says, knowing he’s just been volunteered for the job, because Dean will want to stay here and watch the recap of the first half before the second begins.  “I guess you’re feeling better, huh?”    

Dean shrugs.  “Nap always helps, yeah.”  

“And what about those hand-delivered electrolytes?”    

Dean snorts.  “You better hope I don’t pee in a bottle and give it to you the next time you feel shitty.”

 

Half an hour later, when Sam returns with the food and their six pack, he sits down on the middle cushion, closer to Dean than before, and puts everything on the table in front of them.  Dean keeps up a running commentary, even as he eats.  “Seriously?  He’s open in the corner!  Pass the fuckin ball!  Don’t go to the hoop, you’re double teamed!”

Sam smiles to himself.  “Don’t you usually complain that they rely too much on the three in college ball and they should drive the lane more?”

“So?”

“And now you’re telling him to pass for the three.”

“Dude.”  Dean snaps his fingers in Sam’s face.  “Think.  A bad shot is a bad shot, ok?  Chucking up a three when your defender’s got both hands in your face and you can’t get a good look?  Not a good option.  But ignoring a guy who’s wide open and shoots like, forty five percent from three, and instead getting rejected at the rim by an elite shot blocker?  Not cool, either.” 

 

Sam loses interest in the game after they eat.  He wants to enjoy it, he wishes he could, but how can he care about the outcome when he knows that, whatever it is, all the humans involved remain pawns or kibble or cannon fodder.  It matters so much to the players and the coaches and the crowds, but none of it would, probably, not if they knew that their lives aren’t really theirs, that demons and angels can step in and fuck with them at any time, kill them and bring them back to life like it’s nothing. 

Dean stays fixed on the game, but Sam ends up just staring into space, quiet, even a little bit happy, because eventually Dean shifts closer, and he’s aware of the heat of their thighs resting together.  Dean must still be really fucking tired, because he falls asleep again with five minutes left to play, even though the teams are trading the lead back and forth, and it’s not until the final buzzer that his eyes crack open again at the shrill sound.  “Did they win?” he mumbles, rubbing at the wet corner of his mouth.

“They won,” Sam knocks his knee against Dean’s.  He taps at the damp spot on Dean’s t-shirt, just below his collar, and smirks.  “You drooled on yourself.” 

Dean slaps his hand away and turns his attention back to the tv to focus on the highlights that are now showing on the screen.

Sam gets up and returns to his laptop and the research he left on it.  When he spares a glance at Dean, twenty minutes or so later, he’s asleep again.  Sam stands, crosses the room, and gently presses his heel down on the top of Dean’s foot, using only as much pressure as it takes to get Dean to stir.  “Hey,” Sam says, once he’s awake again.  “You should get in bed, Dean, you know your back feels better when you do.” He wonders if there’s anywhere he can touch Dean, anywhere Dean will let him rest a hand but Dean’s eyes give him no clues.  He’s shit at reading Dean these days, or Dean’s better at hiding, he doesn’t know, it’s probably both.  It’s probably both and that leaves him, more often than not, aware that he’s
There was nothing she could do.  She could be the perfect woman, offering perfect love, and still he would mock her, forsaking all that had been most dear in his prior incarnation.”  Her voice swells with passion, hurtling towards crescendo.  “Who was the true Hamlet?  Was he a man pretending to be sane or a man pretending to be mad?”

“A question for the audience, perhaps, but not for the actor.  A man can not say if he himself is sane or mad, not for sure.  The actor hates, he loves, as the script dictates.  The actor knows what the character feels, but no more than that.  What I must know, what I must be able to express, is how it feels.  Say that he’s sane, say that he’s mad, there’s really no difference.  He is who he is and no word, no name, can ever change that.  We are who we are.  Why do you stare so?”

She starts, drops her eyes down to her lap.  “Forgive me, Mister Kynaston.”

“I don’t ask for apology.  I simply wish to know why.”

Now she lifts her head and glares at him.  He glares back, never ceding the upper hand.  “You know why.  I doubt my gaze is different than anyone else’s.”

“Do I know?”  He slips into his stage voice, his woman’s voice, it happens sometimes, out of habit.  Acting.  Not acting.  What’s the difference?  His body can not tell, his heart can not tell.  “Tell me, dear friend, tell me why I should be such a fascination to you.  Does the freak still thrill you?”

“The freak?  I can not understand what you mean to say.”

“Not quite a man, not quite a woman, yes?  People love a freak, it’s true.”

“You can not seriously believe that is why people stare at you.  You are acknowledged to be the most beautiful woman on the English stage.”

He goes back to his man’s voice, by choice, but which is the real voice?  “Been talking to Pepys, have you?”

“He merely records what the people believe.”

“You believe it?”

“You are beautiful, Mister Kynaston, beautiful and vain.  Why else do you cajole me to flatter you?"

He is glad they are talking through the mirror, not face to face.  It lets him feel protected.  He wants her to be honest with him. He wants to know.  “When?”

“When?”

“When am I beautiful?  On stage, you mean?  Or now?”

“In any guise.”

Yes, in any costume.  So it is.  “You’re a liar.  Think you’re paid to fancy me, do you?”

“Believe what you will.”

“As beautiful now, here, in my breeches, as I am then, is that what you mean to say?”

“More beautiful!”

“Swear to it.”  He turns from the mirror, reaches his hands out to her.  She bends down on her knees, without hesitation, presses her face against his fingers.

“I swear to you, Mister Kynaston.  I swear.”

“Thank you, Maria.  Thank you.”

Why does one act?  Mustn’t there be as many reasons as actors, a different compulsion for each one?

Why does he act?

For beauty, of course.  To live for beauty, on beauty, despite the offstage world's determination to crush it.

The crowds can make him feel as a god when they laugh, weep, chant his name ecstatically.

Kyn-a-ston!  Kyn-a-ston!  Kyn-a-ston!

They cheer for him now, for his men, just as they did then for his women.  He can still win their adoration.

It is early in the afternoon when he comes home from the theater, and George is waiting on the doorstep.  He looks so wonderfully out of place on their modest street, their modest stoop, wearing a purple coat with gold brocade, his boots and his walking stick shining.  He lounges, he always lounges, no matter where he goes, and when Ned approaches he smiles idly, doesn’t bother to stand.  “These are your quarters?”

“Yes.”

“And that woman of yours?”  Before this, George barely acknowledged Maria’s existence.  Now that he does, he must make it clear he disdains her.

“This is also her home.”  He moves towards the door, takes out his key.

George stands close behind him, leans in over his shoulder.  “Let me in,” he murmurs, his hand slipping under Ned’s curls to curve round the back of his neck.

Ned has always loved George’s slow, haughty voice, and the decadent slink of his body.  He never asks or pleads or laments, he is confident in his power to take, have, and, most of all, enjoy.  “Alright.”

George enters the apartment
used to run around the temple of Dendur.  He'd pretend to be the mummy of a pharaoh and I'd pretend to be the cocky archeologist who hadn't heeded the warnings about not opening the tomb unless you wanted to be cursed for the rest of your life, and he'd chase me around.  And then we'd throw all the pennies we had into the water, and make dozens of wishes, and when we didn't have anymore we'd go beg for more from our parents.  All of that was a long time ago, but I wasn't surprised that it was what he wanted to see first.  He's very sentimental.

We were talking to a statue of Sekhmet as though she were real and apologizing for it being such a long time since we'd seen her last and asking if she'd missed us, when Holden's voice suddenly broke off and I turned to him to see what was wrong.  He was staring at some girl, and she was pretty, yeah, but at first glance, I couldn't figure out why he was gaping at her like she was Sophia Loren.  But he kept looking at her, so I kept looking at her, and all of the sudden I knew.  "I don't believe it," I said.  "That's Jane Gallagher."

"I know," Holden said, and when I looked at him, I saw that he'd gone pale.  You think it's just some crap they say in stories to sound dramatic, but he really did look ill all of the sudden, like he might drop if he didn't sit down.

"Are you alright?" I said, and my hand went to his arm, but he knocked it off.  He's just like that.  I guarantee you that if I were upset and he put his goddamn hand on my shoulder and I knocked it off, he'd pitch a fit and call me an ungrateful brat.  But of course it's no problem for him to do it to me when I'm trying to help.

"Jesus Christ, I'm fine.  You act like our goddamn mother."

"Don't talk like that about mom, Holden!  You're lousy, you know that?  Just lousy."

"Shut up," he barked.  "We gotta go."  He grabbed my hand, just like I was still eight years old, and started steering me towards the exit, but it was too late.

"Phoebe?"  She was behind us, calling after us.  "Holden?"

I dug my feet in and wouldn't budge.  Holden couldn't get me to move again unless he ripped my god damn arm off, and he was really jerking at it, like he just might.  "God damn you," he was whispering, "You women are all trying to kill me."

She'd reached us and he let go of me and I opened my arms to her, hugged her, repeated along with her, "It's so good to see you!  It's been so long!  How are you?"

We went on like that for a minute, all smiles, and then Holden, who hadn't said a word, hadn't even smiled at her, or hugged her back, decided it was time to break up the reunion.  "What are you doing here?" he asked, all accusatory, like he owned the god damn place.  Honestly, I kind of wanted to slap him.  From the look on her face, Jane did, too.

"I'm writing a paper for school."

"Oh, yeah?  Where are you in school?"

"Barnard."

"What class are you taking?"

"What are you, a cop?" I complained.  "Stop with the questions."  But they both ignored me.

"Art Appreciation."

"Art Appreciation," Holden repeated.  "Isn't that kind of, excuse me for speaking frankly, bullshit?"

"And what the hell do you mean by that?"

"Who the hell needs to take a class to appreciate art?  I mean, you look at it and you like it or you don't.  That's it, end of story."

"Well, it may sound like bullshit to you, but I'm enjoying it.  It's a serious class, the introductory course for the Art History major, but I'll be sure to let the department know that you don't approve."

"I didn't mean to offend you or anything.  Were you always this touchy?"

"Yes, I think I was.  Were you always this obnoxious?"

Holden pushed his hair away from his forehead and his fingers were twitching.  "Christ, I need a cigarette," he said, and there was such lamentation in his voice, that I kinda understood, all at once.  I knew that he was scared, really scared, so scared of screwing it all up, of losing her again, that he had to push and see how
, home is my, and Holden’s, and D.B.’s rooms exactly as we left them the last time we were there, and my father’s papers spread out all over his office, and my mother sneaking a smoke alone in the kitchen, but always stubbing it out before anyone can catch her, so that if you look in the garbage you’ll see a dozen discarded cigarettes, none of them burned down more than halfway.

Holden’s supposed to pick me up today and we’re going to drive to the city together, and it’s pretty much what I’ve been looking forward to the most about the holidays.  All of my friends left this morning, or last night, because classes ended at noon yesterday, and right now things are pretty calm, after all the flurry of last minute packing and arrangements.

As much as I want to see Holden, though, waiting for him to get here is pretty good, too.  It’s nice to sit outside in the winter, as long as it isn’t too cold, and be happy that the sun is shining.  And there’s nothing sad about being all alone, with my little suitcase beside me, when I know that my brother’s on his way here, that we’ll be together soon.

Each time I hear a car approaching in the distance, I stand up and then have to sit back down again when I see it turn around the corner and it’s not the old Jaguar D.B. passed down to Holden.  I tease Holden all the time about driving that car, because he complained for years about how ridiculous and flashy it was, and who the hell did D.B. think he was going to impress by paying that much for it, and now it’s his.  I tease him, but I can’t call him a hypocrite, I mean, he wanted a car and D.B. gave it to him for free, who wouldn’t take it?  D.B. never bothered to name the jaguar figure on the hood, but the first thing Holden did when he inherited the car was ask me what we should call it.  I was reading “Great Expectations” at the time and suggested Estella.  I always give her a pat for good luck before I get in.

When he finally does arrive, I’m not even looking in the right direction.  My dorm mother’s walking out the front door, holding her baby boy in her arms, and I’m focused on the little blue pompom on top of his hat, and how his tiny fingers clutch at his mom’s breast, and listening to his ba-ba-ba babble.  And that’s when I hear, “Hey, sis.”

“Holden!”  I leap to my feet, honestly, I even knock over my suitcase, and run to him.

He hugs me tight, rocks me back and forth, and side to side, saying, “Little sis, little sis, you been taking good care of yourself, huh?”  He holds me at arm’s length.  “All in one piece, yeah?”  He looks down at my hands.  “I see ten fingers, that’s good.”  He puts his feet on either side of my own.  “You got ten toes down there underneath your boots?”

“Last time I counted.”

He cups his hands around my ears.  “Where’s your hat?  You could catch your death out here.”

“I’m not cold at all, I promise.”

“Alright.”  He steps forward and picks up my suitcase.  “This all ya got?”

“Yup.”  He puts my bag in the back seat and then holds the passenger door open for me.  “Thanks,” I say, patting Estella when I walk past her.  I slide into the car and he closes the door carefully and I watch him as he settles in to the driver’s seat.  When he pulls off his hat, I can see even more gray hair than last time.

“So,” he says, as we drive away from my dorm, “this place doesn’t look so bad.  Better than the dumps I went to.”

“Yeah, it’s pretty good.”  He slows down as we pass the graveyard where the founder of the school and his immediate family are buried.  It’s surrounded by a slowly crumbling waist high brick wall.  “I took some photographs there,” I tell him.

“Yeah, you wrote me about it, I remember.”  He jerks a thumb towards my bag.  “Did you bring some prints with you?  I wanna see them.”

“Yeah, I brought my portfolio.”

He grins.  “Oh, a portfolio, huh?  We’ve got an artist in the family.”

“I don’t know about that.  I just like it, you know?  I like how sometimes the picture comes out exactly how I thought it would and other times it’s different.  That’s what I like best
you."

"Don't, Rachel, please, don't.  I'm no saint."

"You're the closest Gotham's got."

"You might as well call this city damned."

"Then let's be damned together," she hisses, and licks his cheek.  "Don't leave me alone," she begs.  He turns, grabs her and kisses her with such hunger.  She wonders when was the last time he kissed his wife like this, because this kind of desire can't last.  God, she wishes it could.  She kisses him back like it's a contest, like she has to prove she wants this most.  She's never kissed anyone with a mustache before, she likes how it tickles and scratches.

When she straddles his hips he brings his hands to her ass and asks, ridiculous habitual courtesy, "You're sure this is what you want?"

"Yes," she insists and strips off her dress.  "Stop thinking, Jim.  Don't think."  She's naked now, and he's fully dressed and she loves it, grinds up and down and then turns around so that her ass can rub against his cock.  One of his arms wraps around her waist, and his other hand slides up her thigh, and she says, "Yes, touch me," and she'd never admit it, but she's always turned on by the sound of her own voice, she talks as much for herself as she does for him.  "Feels so good, so much better than when I do it myself."  His other hand is at her breast, squeezing her softly and she wants more.  "Pinch my nipples," she orders, and he does and she whines in return, feels him thrust up against her ass.  "You want me," she gloats, but  she wants to hear him say it, wants B to hear it.  "Do you want me?"

"Yes."

"You want to fuck me?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I want to fuck you."

"I want you to fuck me," she echoes.  She rolls off of him, kneels in front of him and unbuckles his leather belt, presses her hand against his cock and just holds it there for a moment.  She wants to look up at him, but she's almost afraid.  She doesn't know what she's doing, she doesn't know what she wants.  Fuck.  That's what she said to him.  But what does that word mean?  Is that what she wants out of this, something fast and easy and over soon as they both come?  Is that what she wants?  Is that what would hurt B?  It occurs to her that if he is watching, this will look like exactly what it is: desperate.  "Wait," she says, and dares to look up at him.  He watches her almost without expression, no expression but his habitual one, wary benevolence, like he pities the world he protects and all its inhabitants, even the ones he must hunt down and destroy.  She takes his hand, nervous now.  "Let's go into the bedroom."

It is so dark in her room, the shades are closed, so she leaves the door open to bring some light in.  He sits down at the side of the bed, begins to take off his shoes, but she tells him, "Stop.  Let me."  He's already taken off his glasses, left them on the bedside table.  She's irrationally disappointed at being denied any opportunity to strip him down.  Let me take away all of your costumes, she thinks, everything that hides, obscures, until all that's left is skin.

"Where are your condoms?" he asks.

"We don't need them," she says.  It will be good to feel him inside her.  It's good to know how much B will hate this, hate her for being so incautious, hate her for having sex with someone who's not him, hate her for having sex with someone he probably also wants to fuck.  She's always bossy when she wants something, so when he starts to loosen the knot on his tie, she grabs his hands.  "No.  Just let me, let me, I'll take care of everything."  She gets on her knees and she takes his hands and bring them to her face, she closes her eyes and her lips part and she feels him bend towards her, his hands tangled in her hair now, his lips at her throat, her cheek, her eyelid, and then the tip of his tongue tracing the curves of her lips.  Time seems to stop when he touches her like that, everything slows, his movements, the throb of her pussy, the beat of her heart.  She sighs against his mouth, so hungry, so ready, her hands clutching at his thighs.  She needs more of him.  She reluctantly draws away from his mouth.  "I'm going to