on the younger man. The idea of fondling his black hair lovingly and uttering some words to lighten up his low spirit seemed appealing, yet Hiroki knew better than to indulge his very wish. He still freshly remembered when he had done that, Nowaki instantly jumped on him (1). And he still had his students' paper to score. Definitely he won't play with fire tonight. So, he averted his gaze to Nowaki's bag.

"What's that?"

The taller man followed the eyes. "Oh, that...I just brought it from the hospital." He reached out to retrieve the bag and gave it to Hiroki.

Curiously Hiroki took out its contents. There were a folder, crayons, pencil colors and oil pastels. He flipped open the folder. Inside were drawings and handwritings.

"Some time ago I gave my patients papers, just to kill the time during the torrent rain. I asked them to draw or write every thing in their minds."

"I see."

Nowaki yawned widely. His eyes were drowsy. "I'll go to bed. Are you coming?"

"Later, Nowaki. Have a tight sleep."

"Don't exert yourself too much, Hiro-san. You'll get sick easily in unfriendly season like today."

"I'm capable of taking care of myself, Brat. I don't need you to remind me that. I can tell when my need calls."

"Okay," Nowaki got up and sauntered towards their room.

Once he disappeared, Hiroki shook his head. Really, it should be the doctor who minded his health.

His eyes darted back to the folder in his hands. The drawings varied: under the names there were pictures of houses, gardens, flowers, even funny twigs which had buds with dots inside. The assistant-professor highly suspected that they were the portraits of the kids' families.

The writings were clumsy, but even he could sense the spirits those little creatures had put in the writing. On one page, it's a boy wrote:


/I'm happy when my parents give me money. I'm sad when I lost my money/


Hiroki nearly chuckled. How innocent.


/I'm happy when I meet my friends. I'm sad when my parents are mad at me./



/My father hasn't much money. That's why he has a few possessions./



/When I get bigger, I want to be a doctor like you./



/Watchan, will I be as tall as you?/


Some of the writings were adorned with pictures and frames. They were neat and beautiful, so Hiroki guessed it's Nowaki who had drawn them. Unfortunately it's only halfway. The rest wasn't done yet.

The man couldn't help but feel proud of the doctor. He had seen how his young patients cling to him fondly, and even tested the idea of creating a human tree with him.

Hiroki kept reading. His paper was soon forgotten. Children's thoughts were really fascinating, he inwardly mused. On the last page, there was a girl wrote in Latin. Judging by the writing and the name, it seemed that she was a foreigner. That's not what made him frown though.

/Dr. Nowaki, my dream is becoming your bride. You're veeery handsome, hihi/

It's incredulous that he felt jealous. Hmph, Hiroki snorted. He's already mine, kid. He took a marker and scribed on the paper.

He was about to put down the folder when Nowaki's face crossed his minds. After let out a big sigh, he took a ruler and pencil colors. He kept working until it was past midnight.

Xxx

Nowaki walked groggily to the coffee table. His black hair was tousled and messy. In fact, even his vision was still hazy. As expected, his lover had already gone to work. Thankfully, last night-right after his black head hit the pillow- his senpai had sent him a message, saying his shift was canceled. So, today he was off.

He strolled back to the living room. The table was clean from any paper that had scattered the night before. Instead, his bag was on it. Absentmindedly he took out his folder. Since he had nothing to do, he wanted to finish his project.

It had rained in torrent the day before. Some of the patients were crying, either were afraid of thunder or simply wanted their parents at that precise moment. To get their attention, Nowaki gave paper to them, to draw or write everything they wanted to say. It had succeeded, they stopped crying and even their friends joined.

While waiting for the next shift, he decorated some of the writings. Although, it was a shame he hadn't read them all.

And now, surprise was the most appropriate word to describe his state of hazy minds. There were already frames and pictures in all paper. The lines were firm and artistic, and he knew only one person was capable of doing it.

Nowaki
the king to use his brains a little and asked him to study harder than he already had. Even Conrad had been astonished with his brother's conduct. Realizing his harsh words, Gwendal immediately apologized and resigned himself somewhere else far from his office.

            Greta had even pointed out that her 'Charming Uncle Gwendal' was no longer fun. The little girl grew timid whenever she met him.

            And now, alone in his spacious office, Gwendal couldn't help but contemplate. He groaned inwardly.

            “What has gotten me?” he muttered darkly to no one in particular.

            He began to question if his fatigue had huge contribution to his bad mood. Numerous problems arose almost every day. The heaps of papers he had to examine amazingly never seemed to cease. All of those things forcibly made him stay up late and get up even before the Kohi sang 'Bad Omen' to wake Shin Makoku inhabitants.

            Perhaps he needed a vacation, he thought.

            “Gwendal?” quietly the door opened, revealing a beautiful man with lavender eyes and hair.

            “What do you need, Gunter?” Gwendal squared his shoulders, trying to look composed.

            “Nothing,” Gunter promptly answered. After closing the door, he calmly strode towards Gwendal's desk. “I just wanted to check on you. That's all,” he continued.

            Gwendal only stared at his friend, who had taken a seat before him. “Why should you?” frown appeared on his already wrinkled forehead.

            “Don't  hold such a hostile attitude, please,” Gunter raised his hands. “I won't harm you.”

            “You'll be in hell even before you can cause me any harm, Gunter,” Gwendal barked.

            Gunter shrugged. “Fine, no need to work up.”

            While talking, Gunter studied the tactician before him. Sure Gwendal was more grim than he usually was.

            “Uhm, Gwen, everyone is worried about you,” carefully he ventured to touch the subject that had brought him to the office.

            Gwendal lost for words for two seconds. “What about me?” the man cleared his throat. “And for the umpteenth times, don't 'Gwen' me!” His last sentence went unheeded.

            “You've been...not yourself lately.”

            Gwendal stared hard at his friend. He found none but sincerity and pure concern dance across Gunter's orbs. “Am I that obvious?” finally he surrendered.

            “Yeah,” Gunter smiled. The king's adviser thoroughly kept on scrutinizing the figure across him. It didn't escape his meticulous eyes that Gwendal looked completely worn out. His usually clear blue eyes looked red, and hey, since when he got so many wrinkles? “You look haggard,” was Gunter's remark.

            “I don't think so,” Gwendal hurriedly denied him. “I eat regularly and have enough rest.”

            “Really?” suddenly Gunter sounded interested. “What time do you go to bed?”

            “'am not sure,” the taller man answered. He rubbed his temple. “Before midnight I guess.”

            “Do you get up early?”

            “You do know I'm an early bird, Gunter!”

            Gunter leaned back into his chair. “You're pretty exhausted.”

            “Maybe I need to have a vacation or some days off,” Gwendal grunted in a low voice.

            “Which I doubt you'll go for it even though you're given a shot,” Gunter snorted. He earned a death glare for his nonchalant comment. Being accustomed to whatever murderous stares Gwendal had shot, Gunter stayed unfazed.

            “I have something to solve it,” in a swift motion Gunter rose, then turned his heels towards the frowning Mazoku and dragged him to the couch across the room.

            “Gunter?” confused, Gwendal asked for explanations.

            Without answering him, Gunter tightened his grip on the man's wrist and forcefully pushed him onto the couch.

            “What the...” Gwendal snapped angrily, but even before he could finish his sentence, Gunter had already loomed above him.

            “Just lie down,will you! ” the wind wielder ordered menacingly. Once Gunter had set his minds, not even the scariest Mazoku in Shin Makoku could confront him.

            “Fine,” Gwendal lied on his back. The couch dipped deeper when another weigh flopped on its edge. He nearly jolted as Gunter's hands found their way to the sides of his head.

            “Close your eyes,” Gunter sternly said. He massaged the scalp gently.

            Color and heat crept Gwendal's face. “C-close my eyes? Why should I?” Gwendal stuttered indignantly.

            “Yes,” patiently Gunter confirmed his previous words. “Just relax. I won't jump on you.”

            This time Gwendal opted to shut his eyes tight. He would never admit that images of the beautiful man did some things to him had already flooded his small corner of perverted thought. He realized that their positions now certainly looked compromising. Him lying down and Gunter bent forward and ran his elegant fingers on his head. Gwendal only hoped nobody would enter the office and misinterpret the scene.

            “I'm sure this

Scents



Summary:



Even Hiroki and Nowaki had their favorite scents.



Disclaimers : All disclaimers apply. I don't own Junjo Romantica.



.-.-.


            Every single thing had its own scents, Hiroki noted. So far, his favorite was the scents of books.

            As a bookworm, the Demon Kamijou had collected books since his childhood. It had started when he had been flipping the pages, some unique scents tickled his nostrils. He had become addicted since then. Secretly, many times when he was all alone, Hiroki would bring the books to his nose and sniff them.

            Hiroki liked to sniff on the pages of new books. He even recognized the aroma of local printed books and the imported ones. His nostrils were very sensitive to the unique fragrance.

            Not only on books, the fair man also noticed the differences between the aromas of manga and magazines. He knew how a magazine with its glossy paper would smell. Hiroki could also differentiate how the imported books from India and other countries smelled. Along with the aroma, Hiroki could also tell the qualities of books and how long they would last by the kinds of papers.

            Perhaps it sounded incredulous that those scents brought comfort to Hiroki’s senses. But most of all, finally Hiroki found his most favorite scents.

            “Hiro-san,” a tall man with blue eyes and midnight hair emerged from their shared room. Nowaki gracefully approached the older man and embraced him. “Are you sleeping?”

            Hiroki’s muse stopped. Apparently the men were in the living room. Hiroki opened his eyes and adjusted his sitting position. Next to him, Nowaki loosened his arms around Hiroki’s waists, but tightened them again.

            “No,” Hiroki answered tersely. He nestled his brown head on Nowaki’s shoulder.

            “You seem so content, Hiro-san,” Nowaki smiled, though he knew that the older man in his arms couldn’t see it.

            “I always am,” Hiroki closed his eyes again. He turned his head so that it rested on Nowaki’s neck.

            Indeed Hiroki liked the aromas of books, but what he loved the most was Nowaki’s scents. They were fresh and musky. Hiroki found them intoxicating. Though, not in a million years would he admit it.

            Hiroki inhaled deeply.

            Nowaki moved a hand and wrapped it around Hiroki’s torso.

            “Why do you keep sighing, Hiro-san?”

            “Hmm,” instead of giving the answer, Hiroki rubbed his nose on the soft skin, drowning him more in Nowaki’s scents.

xxx

            As a training doctor in a hospital, Nowaki was familiar with the disinfectant that lingered in the air. He was also familiar with the fragrance of flowers, since he too worked part time in a flower shop. When he had been younger, Nowaki had worked in a construction circle. Burning coal and dirt were no strangers for him. And for 24 years he had lived, Hiroki had smelled many things. But what he liked the most was the scents of his lover.

            Hiroki was sweet. Nowaki also found some other indescribable pleasant fragrances that only belonged to the shorter man.

            Usually Nowaki liked to voice his opinions, but this was an exception. He had vowed to keep it as a nice secret.

            “Why are you smiling, Nowaki?”

            Instead of answering it, Nowaki kissed his lover’s head. “Nothing, Hiro-san.”

            Hiroki shifted a little before nuzzling Nowaki’s neck. “Brat!”

            In response, Nowaki buried his nose in Hiroki’s hair, inhaling the remaining scents of Hiroki’s shampoo. “I am your brat!”


The End


Title : No One But Me



Characters : Natsuki Serizawa/Takashi Itoigawa



Genres :  Romance, Friendship



Summary : “I don’t mind people admiring my body, but I’m not okay if others admiring my boyfriend’s. I don’t share what I have, you know. I’m very possessive.” Natsuki/Takashi



Disclaimer : My Heavenly Hockey Club doesn’t belong to me.



.-.-.                                                                                                                                                                                                 


                “I’m terribly sorry, Senpai,” Ginta timidly apologized.

                Takashi still froze.

                “I should’ve caught the bottle sooner,” Kinta hastily added. Both of the twins had identical expressions on their freckled faces: scared and horrified.

                Calmly Takashi Itoigawa pulled off his glasses and swept his fringe. His right side –started from his hair until his upper uniform- was wet. Water was dripping from his hair.

                Ginta had thrown his bottle to his twin, who hadn’t caught it fast enough. Its content was out, splashed onto Takashi, and made him partially drenched.

                  “You careless fools,” Takashi growled menacingly. He intended to scold the twins, but since his glasses weren’t perched on his nose and without them his eyesight was bad, it was Natsuki who received his wrath.

                “It’s me,” Natsuki replied. He snatched the thin towel from Ginta and started to rub Takashi’s hair, ignoring the taller boy’s protest. “It’s not much but if you don’t change your uniform, you’ll get uncomfortable,” he said.

                Takashi inhaled loudly. He put on his glasses and this time glared dagger at the right target. Ginta and Kinta visibly trembled. “Now get out from my class! Don’t fool around here again!” he sternly commanded.

                “But we just wanted to have lunch with the other members of Hockey Club,” the twins protested.

                Takashi’s glare amplified. In less than a second the twins darted to the door and out from his sight.

                The tall boy looked around his class. There were only some girls watching him in awe. Honestly Takashi didn’t get why he was popular. His facial expression was always serious. He also constantly frowned. Not nice at all to attract girls. But apparently they had their own ideas.

                “What are you doing?” Natsuki asked incredulously when Takashi took out his spare T-shirt from his bag and started to unbutton his upper uniform.

                “I’m changing,” Takashi nonchalantly answered.

                Natsuki narrowed his eyes. “Here?”

                “Where else?”

                Natsuki grabbed his arm and dragged him to the Hockey Club’s room. Despite being smaller and shorter than Takashi, Natsuki could manhandle him without much effort.

                “You don’t have self-preservation, do you?” Natsuki reprimanded him once they were secure in the club’s room.

                “Hey! There were only a few people in the class,” Takashi indignantly defended himself. “Besides, I wear undershirt. I don’t intend to take it off too.”

                “But you’ll show your skin and I don’t like it when your fangirls look at you as if they want to eat you on the spot.”

                Natsuki helped him took off his uniform. When he refused Natsuki’s help, Natsuki swatted his hands and buttoned his spare uniform. The T-shirt Takashi had intended to wear was forgotten somewhere.

                “I know you look good enough to eat,” Natsuki continued.

                Takashi was always embarrassed every time Natsuki told him that. “You’re the exhibitionist one,” he reminded him.

                The beautiful boy chuckled. He patted Takashi’s cheek affectionately. “I don’t mind people admiring my body, but I’m not okay if others admiring my boyfriend’s, especially when it’s in display.”

                “That’s very hypocrite.”

                “I don’t share what I have, you know. I’m very possessive.”


.-.-.



The End


 
his lips. "Yeah," he nodded in approval. They had been together for years, but only twice in that long period they had faced the most serious problems.

"I'll go home earlier, Professor," Hiroki walked faster to the door, not wanting to hear more from the dark-haired man.

He was passing by a restaurant he used to hang out with Akihiko when he saw a dark haired man he had never expected to see. Hiroki froze.

"Ah, Kamijou."

Haruhiko waved his hand, inviting him to go in.

.-.-.


TBC


 

Summary: Nowaki bitterly realized that Akihiko would always mean somebody for Hiroki.


Title : 
The One


Summary: Nowaki bitterly realized that Akihiko would always mean somebody for Hiroki.


Disclaimers: Junjo Romantica isn't mine.



.-.-.



Chapter 5



.-.-.


Hiroki had wanted to flee right at the moment he saw his friend's brother. But the strong aura surrounded Haruhiko was inexplicably powerful he felt forcefully rooted to the spot.

"Come in. Wouldn't it be nice if we have a small talk, friend of my brother?" the older man pulled his shoulders and dragged him inside.

No matter how harsh Akihiko usually expressed his hatred and disdain towards his half brother, Hiroki found Haruhiko very charismatic. His cold demeanor even stood out amongst all around him.

However, sometimes during his visits to his friend's house, Hiroki would meet the older brother. At very rare fleeting glances, Hiroki felt he saw something glint in the man's eyes. Loneliness and envy danced across his impassive features and orbs. Hiroki knew the stories of his friend's family, had heard a lot of his 'crimes' from Akihiko and in the end he pitied Haruhiko's position as the illegitimate child intruding the serenity of the big manor.

"What do you want to eat?"

Food was definitely not something Hiroki desired now. His smart conscience had just registered in his head. He cursed himself mentally.

"I'm not hungry," was the brief answer.

Although the man's glinted glasses shielded his eyes, Haruhiko could send his intimidating glance by his hawk-like orbs. Even the demon-Kamijou was fidgeting under such intense stare.

"It's a nice coincidence meeting you here," as usual, regardless of how cold the tone lingered the man's voice, Hiroki could always sense friendliness in it.

"Sure, Usami-san," Hiroki nodded approvingly.

"It's been ages since the last time I met you," Haruhiko leaned onto the chair. "It seems like yesterday I remember a small boy was in despair because he couldn't get into his house, and now, sitting before me is that boy who has transformed into a mature man(-)."

Hiroki frowned. Much to his chagrin, Haruhiko always acted as if he had been years older than him and treated him like an uncle to his nephew, while in reality that man was only three or four years older. He didn't know why the bespectacled man liked to mock him about the age gap between them. But deemed from his age and the height difference, it somewhat could be understood why Haruhiko felt he was superior.

"I will never forget your deed to me on that day," even after years had passed, Hiroki still felt embarrassed no matter how many times Haruhiko repeated to remind him of how he was cold and hungry at that time.

Haruhiko maintained his trademark-stoic-face although deep inside he was amused watching the brunette man before him blush uncomfortably like a school girl.

"You're not that careless again, are you?"

"What do you mean? If you ask me about keys to my house, I sadly inform you that your delusional about me being trapped outside my own house again never manifests," unconsciously Hiroki snarled to his friend's half brother. "Besides, I'm a perfectionist. I don't tolerate any carelessness occurs twice even for myself."

"I see," the elder Usami idly pushed up his glasses. "That's why you become a lecturer now. I can truly see the reason."

Hiroki scrutinized the taller man once his blush receded. "Aren't you busy? I'm sure being one of the heirs of Usami group doesn't grant you much free time to just spend with other people for idle talk."

Dark eyes dropped a little. "I'm not a robot, Kamijou," the man sighed. "I need some leisure time for myself. You still keep in touch with my brother, don't you?"

The brunette got a feeling Haruhiko was trying to change the subject but he complied. "Indeed I do. Not intensely but he still informs me his well being."

Something flashed across Haruhiko's visage. The line of his face hardened and his eyes were cold.

Unintended, Hiroki had led the conversation to a totally different subject. Just when his aptitude started to strike, he realized his mistake. He didn't want to intrude anyone's personal issues, especially when the affairs involved the person he had come to respect and his ex-crush.

Chocolate



Summary:


"Nowaki, what's wrong?" nothing mattered but Nowaki when they were together. He was concerned with him being quiet.


Disclaimer : Junjo Romantica isn’t mine.



.-.-.


"I didn't know you liked chocolate very much, Hiro-san."

Hiroki lifted his head from the book he was reading. "Huh?"

"There are a lot in the fridge," Nowaki walked to the couch and sat next to Hiroki. He gave the older man a cup of coffee.

"Thanks," Hiroki took he cup. "Oh, those were from my mother," he slowly sipped his coffee. Hiroki liked everything his partner made. They were always delicious.

"The last time she visited us?"

The brunette gave a small nod and then got up to retrieve two bars of chocolate. He gave one to Nowaki. In the middle of unwrapping it, absentmindedly he glanced to the black haired man.

He was mildly surprised seeing Nowaki's expression while he slowly tore the wrap. Those breath taking eyes were in deep reverie.

"Nowaki, what's wrong?" nothing mattered but Nowaki when they were together. He was concerned with him being quiet.

"Nothing," Nowaki smiled upon Hiroki's worried face. Hiroki could be scarier than a devil sometimes, but for Nowaki, he was like an open book. He knew what emotions concealed beneath that mostly angry face. "Do you like chocolate,Hiro-san?"

"Hai," Hiroki's lips curved upward. "When I was a little kid, every time mother asked me what I wanted as a memento, I always answered 'chocolate'."

"Memento?"

"Yeah. Sometimes mother and father visited my father's hometown. I didn't come along because I had many things to do -kendo, Writing Class, and so on. So, they decided to grant everything I asked, and I wanted nothing but chocolate."

Silly, but little Hiroki didn't care. His mother didn't buy him fine or expensive chocolate though. Sometimes Hiroki got a small bar, but as naive as his simple-mind, he was already content. In fact, it could be found in any stores near his home.

"I like chocolate too, Hiro-san," Nowaki spoke softly. "I don't particularly like sweet, but it's an exception," his dreamy eyes landed back on the bar in his hands.

"As I was still in Kusama's Orphanage, chocolate was a luxury for me. I must save my allowance for considerably times before finally I could afford to buy one."

Sharply Hiroki gazed into Nowaki's eyes.

"Even now after I can afford to have as many bars as I want, I still feel nostalgic."

Hiroki tore his gaze away. He didn't feel like eating his chocolate anymore. In a mere second, something flashed in his eyes.

Xxx

Nowaki checked the clock on the wall restlessly. It had been an hour since Hiroki told him that he would be home. /Where are you now?/ Nowaki paced back and forth from the couch and the windows. He had tried to contact his lover but his calls went to voice mail.

After it seemed like eternity, he was deeply relieved when his very boyfriend came.

"Where have you been, Hiro-san? I was worried sick."

"Ah, sorry," without anymore words of apology, Hiroki shove a huge box against Nowaki's chest.

"For me?"

"Who else?" Hiroki rolled his eyes.

Shakily the younger man accepted it. It was beautifully wrapped with thin ribbon and red gift-wrapper. He carefully untied the ribbon. Everything from his Hiro-san was precious, that's why he was extra careful.

Inside it was chocolate in various shapes.

"Hiro-san..."

Hiroki blushed furiously, but he managed to mutter indignantly. "The shop keeper said it was the finest chocolate he had. I didn't know you'd like it or not."

Hiroki was never good with words. Instead, he always conveyed what's in his minds through actions. Nowaki was fully aware of this. The latter found it as a charm that made him more bewitched to his older boyfriend.

It wasn't the gift that rendered the doctor speechless. It was Hiroki's will that stirred his heart and made his voice gone.

"Does it disagree with your taste?" Hiroki queried when the man before him kept silent and fixed his gaze to the box. "I can buy you the white one."

"No," Nowaki lifted his eyes. His voice strained. "I like it. I truly do. Thank you, Hiro-san."

Nothing could be better when Hiroki's visage broke into a beautiful smile.


.-.-.



The End


 
apprehensive of what he was about to confirm.

"Nowaki," he called out after flopping himself next to the man. He let one of his legs dangle from the couch while another one was crossed. It was not a comfortable position but Hiroki just wanted to face his boyfriend.

"Yes, Hiro-san?" Nowaki spared him a glance before turning back to his book. Somehow it didn't sit well with Hiroki. Usually every time he spoke, Nowaki would willingly give all of his attention to him.

"You..." contrary to the firm determination that had once existed, Hiroki was lost of words. "You're busy, aren't you?"

Nowaki frowned. He turned his head and put his book on his laps. "You meant my work? Sorry I didn't get it," he smiled apologetically. "If you mean my state now, well, I'm not busy, just read this," he raised the book.

Inwardly Hiroki cursed himself for stupidly uttering such an ambiguous question.

"Do you want to say something?" Nowaki asked back. His tone was weary.

Hiroki didn't like the sound of it. It was as if the younger man talking to him just like an acquaintance did.

"I..." he started to fidget. Unconsciously he gripped his pants. "You've changed. You... Darn it!" instead of conveying his thoughts verbally, Hiroki stuttered a swear word.

Nowaki gasped, totally taken aback. "What have I done that I deserved your curse?" he sadly asked. What he didn't comprehend was that the word wasn't directed to him.

Hiroki was agape. "No, it's not you, Nowaki," he inhaled deeply. Why did the air suddenly feel suffocating? People thought nothing and nobody could waver the demon- like Kamijou. He had a sharp tongue and harsh attitude. Who could guess that the only one who could turn him upside down lay in a tall and angel-like figure with pitch black hair and deep blue eyes?

The brown-eyed-man's enigmatic words started to grate on Nowaki's nerves. "Just spit it out, Hiro-san. I really need to read this book. Or," he gave an option. "You talk and I listen and read at the same time."

"So, I'm less important than that stupid book of yours?" Hiroki retorted. He was deeply upset at the thought. He had cursed himself but his beloved misunderstood it and thought the swear word was for him.

"You're the one who lost your head first," Nowaki squarely gazed to the man. It's not his nature to speak harshly to others, and it's totally against his will to give Hiroki even the slightest piece of his minds. "I didn't understand anything and suddenly you blew your top. What happened?" he reiterated.

"What happened? I should be the one who asked that to you."

Nowaki stared in disbelief. "To me? Did you get out of bed on the wrong side this morning? You blamed me for what?" unconsciously he raised his voice.

This surprised the older man. Had his sweet-tempered Nowaki just snapped at him?

Maybe Nowaki saw the surprise and hurt in the other man's eyes. "Sorry, Hiro-san," he quickly apologized. "I didn't mean to yell at you. I'm sorry."

"That's why I said you changed," Hiroki quietly queried. "You hardly snarled at me before."

Nowaki sighed heavily. "I guess I'm just a little bit tired. My patients really racked my brains, energy and time. Perhaps that contributed to my foul mood."

Brown eyes darkened. "You have time for your patients but not for me."

The words caught the black haired man off guard. Had he detected some kind of jealousy in his man's tone? If Hiroki's blushing face confirmed his suspicion, he chose to be quiet about it-at the moment. "My work has got more demanding, Hiro-san," he explained. "I do realize that we barely spend time together lately. I promise I'll make it up once everything settled in the hospital."

"Not only that," Hiroki pressed. "You become quiet." The old Hiroki wouldn't have phrased something like that but he definitely had learned a lot since the separation between them two years before. The art of communication. Nothing could be conveyed without words.

"There is no reason other than that, but it's truly my work that sets me like this," he extended his big hand and gently ruffled his lover's silky hair.

The contact appeased Hiroki to boot. While slightly leaning to the touch, he studied the tired face before him. Since when did Nowaki have that much cheek bone? Despite of his tall figure, his profile got lankier. It saddened him. "You eat properly, don't you?"

"I do, don't worry," the younger man assured Hiroki.