.

"The case?" he asked.

"Ugh, you'd think they leave evidence on purpose. Who hides the murder weapon in the sofa cushions?"

Sherlock looked like the world had somehow wronged him, and John chuckled.

"Are you going to eat something?"

Sherlock eyed John's still-full plate of pasta. "Are you?"

John's eyes snapped to his food, and then back to Sherlock.

The situation was nothing short of ridiculous.

"Do you want to go out?" John suddenly asked.

Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "I thought this is what this was."

John shook his head with a smile. "No, I mean. Out of here. Out."

Sherlock looked at him in question, to which John just grinned widely, and finally gave a hesitant nod.

"Great. Good. Uh, let me just pay and-"

"Pack it. I'm starving."

John shot Sherlock an incredulous look, and then his grin widened. Yeah, he could do getting stood up, if it meant it'd be like this every time.

Something in Sherlock's tentative smile told him it just might.

"-beheaded, but the arms were still there, behind the can, and they're hers. I could tell because of the-"

John nodded along, not really listening. When other times he'd be engrossed in whatever exciting horror story Sherlock fervently detailed out to him, today he was tired and distracted and pretty worn-out emotionally. It didn't help that Sherlock insisted on being so energetic and cute today, because it killed John to have to watch that expression turn into something darker once he's told him the news.

"John? Are you listening?"

John's eyes snapped to Sherlock's face, which was alight like a thousand little candles in the middle of the bloody sun, and sighed.

"Sorry," he murmured, shifting so his arm wasn't being crushed by Sherlock's prominent spine and back muscles and put it around the other man's shoulders, instead, pulling him closer just a bit so John could feel his body against his.

"It's tedious," Sherlock spoke, and John looked up at him inquiringly. Sherlock groaned in exasperation. "I know you're being re-assigned overseas. There. Would you listen now?"

John's face was askew with shock. Sherlock had known? "You bloody idiot!"

"What?" Sherlock's eyebrows pulled in confusion.

"I've been beating myself over how to tell you and you didn't even think to let me know you know?"

"You're babbling."

"You-"

He was cut off by a pair of incredibly soft lips, almost like a girl's, but the roughness of the kiss was definitely male. Sherlock was a very sensual kisser, right down to the fleck of a tongue. His hands immediately flew to Sherlock's hair, gripping tight because he needed something stable him, an anchor. It was a slow, deep motion that was rather hypnotizing, but that might have been just Sherlock's heavenly scent that made John slightly dizzy.

Pausing for breath, Sherlock barely gave John time to recover before he moved to straddle him. John felt like his whole body was on fire. He had never felt so alive. Sherlock's body was aligned with John's so perfectly that he could feel everything, every little muscle and every small movement as Sherlock adjusted himself on John's lap.

As far as first kisses go, John thought it was pretty damn great, and probably one of the best kisses he's ever had.

The letters came about once a month. Despite his intent to prove he was far from romantic, Sherlock sure had some picturesque ideas about long-distance relationships. They still talked on the phone every two weeks – apparently, Sherlock had connections that John hadn't been aware of, that allowed a great deal of favors – and had the chance to skype once in a blue moon, but John was homesick on his better days. It just wasn't enough.

It was like he was an addict, craving and nearly shaking with longing. Once he's had it, he couldn't forget. Oh, he'd never forget the taste of Sherlock, the feel of him. After he'd told him of his transfer to Afghanistan, Sherlock became nearly frantic, as if he'd wanted to consume John just in case he'd never get to do it again. For a young bloke, Sherlock understood the danger of John's work very thoroughly. It might have had something to do with the dangerous nature of Sherlock's job, once he'd become more and more involved in those cases of his.

Sherlock's letters were long and detailed, beautifully written by the genius and often described the cases he's worked on since his last letter or phone call. While most people would have found the letters gruesome and disturbing – something could be said of Sherlock's intense fascination
white horse. His voice sounded young, but of course, now was not the time to try and deduce the guard's age.

She couldn't determine if he meant he really didn't know, or if he wasn't allowed to tell her, of course, so she had to risk it.

As she reached to open the doors, a loud, manly moan filled the air and she blushed. If this was a battle, why couldn't she hear the metallic clashing of swords? Or maybe the hustle of a bare struggle, smashing of chairs and bodies hitting the ground?

Now suspicious of what she would find, the maiden servant-girl hesitated. Should she really walk in on the King in his private moments of, perhaps, indulging in pleasuring himself? But she had to announce that the conference was waiting for him. Should she wait until he finished?

Reaha blushed again as she heard a rumbling growl emit from His Majesty's rooms, followed by the ever-constant small sounds that, now that she thought about it, could probably be described as moans as well, or perhaps whimpers. Was the King not alone?

How embarrassing.

That was, of course, why the guards, who no doubt heard the moans and groans that sounded from the King's chambers, hadn't acted before. Of course they had heard – Reaha was surprised the whole castle wasn't awakened by the hustle.

She waited in an awkward silence for the noises to stop, her face a constant red. By the time it became quiet in the King's rooms, she was already lightheaded and dizzy from blushing for so long. She was no physician, but even she knew something was wrong when the room started spinning to the right. Why to the right?

Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, she stilled herself until the staggering feeling passed.

She was about to push the doors open with renewed determination when they opened from the inside, making her stumble back a step to avoid being hit by the hard wood.  Looking up, she felt her mouth fall open and her eyes widen ineptly.

In front of her stood a tall, blond Elf, his hair a messy disarray held back by two perfect, thin braids, revealing his curiously pointed ears. She had never seen an Elf's ears from such a close distance, and was fascinated by the angle of the tips of them. Of course, he looked beautiful. His pale, Elven complexion was flawless. He grimaced as he caught sight of her, and although she hadn't thought it possible, she blushed harder. Her bafflement grew as she recognized the face of the Prince of Mirkwood, who had accompanied the Company sent to Gondor from the Elven Colony. She had caught a brief glance of him when they first arrived. He had of course led the Company as they rode on spotless white horses into the gates of Minas Tirith. Of course, the crown helped with the identification greatly.

"Wha- …oh- …good morning, Your Highness," she said quickly, bowing at the waist in front of the Prince, tripping over her words, to her utter embarrassment.

Tilting her head up slightly, she saw him give her a warm smile. She took that as a sign that she could rise. "It is," he spoke, his rich voice soft like silk and sweet like honey.

She stood there, still slightly hunched from her deep bow, wide-eyed and staring at the beautiful Prince, shock written all over her face as she found herself mesmerized by him. Everything about him was just so handsome, perfect and delicate. Elf-like, she précised.

"Legolas," called a rough voice, and suddenly the King came to the doorway of his rooms, without a tunic and bare-chested. She looked down quickly, her rose-colored cheeks heating up further and colors swimming into her vision for no apparent reason. It was not hard to guess what the two Royals had been doing only minutes before, even for someone as young as Reaha, but she had never heard of two men indulging in such acts together. It must be… No, she could not think of the King in such a manner. It was disrespectful and dishonorable.

As she stayed in the bowed position she had acquired when the King appeared, she could, if only barely, see that the King didn't even spare a glance in her direction. It was for the best, of course, for she could not tame her rosy cheeks any more than she could her straying line of thought.

"Bow."

Confused at the King's order, as she was already bowing a very low, respectful bow in front of him, Reaha didn't move and waited for him to clarify.

"Ni 'lassui," spoke the Elf Prince, and there was a sound of something exchanging hands. Reaha didn't dare look up and see what it was, for she had maybe failed to follow the King's unclear order of bowing, and did not feel like chancing her luck.

"
over Sam's shoulder. Sam took satisfaction in the fact that Dean had to crane his neck a bit to even see over his shoulder, but that satisfaction was short-lived because as soon as Dean opened his mouth again- "Shit, dude, you have to kiss me."

Sam choked, beer spraying everywhere, and he couldn't even gather enough coherency to apologize to the couple that had just passed them on the way to get their drinks. Dean's shirt was dotted with drops of Sam's drink, but he didn't seem to notice, face still urgent and pleading, hand already on Sam's arm dragging him closer as Sam hurriedly put his drink back down on the bar top.

"Dude, no! What?!" Sam let a nervous, incredulous laugh bubble past his lips.

Dean groaned anxiously, using the grip he had on Sam to tug him off the stool and towards Dean. Sam resisted.

"Stop, Dean, what are you-"

Dean's other hand closed around Sam's waist and Sam found himself being pulled flushed against the strong body of his big brother, his own hands fumbling to take hold of Dean's shoulders to push him away, but Dean suddenly had a hand on Sam's hair and was pulling his head down to whisper in Sam's ear.

Dean's breath was hot and humid as it fanned over the naked expanse of Sam's neck and ear, between the strands of his hair at the nape of his neck. Sam suppressed a shiver, but couldn't quite bite back the gasp that escaped his mouth.

"There's this girl here who I used to hook up with except she's bat shit crazy and I had to tell her I was gay to break things off without anyone missing any teeth," Dean hissed into Sam's ear, the hand in Sam's hair tightening and this time Sam couldn't stop the shudder racking up his spine. "So either get ready to knock that two hundred pound fucking women league sumo wrestler to the ground or help me preserve my alibi and fucking kiss me."

Sam sighed, already knowing he was going to do it, little-brother-obedience never more than a strict tone away. Dean had that tone, firm and non-negotiable, one that sounded nothing like Dad's overbearing drill-sergeant commands. Sometimes Sam slammed against that tone with all his might. Mostly though, he just caved. It was instinctual.

Sam leaned in and pressed his lips drily to Dean's unbelievably soft ones, mashing them up and angling his head to make it look more believable even though he kept his mouth very firmly shut. His hands rose to frame Dean's stubbly cheeks, nose bumping against the dip beneath Dean's eye where it met the bridge of his nose. It wasn't that weird. They'd been almost intimately tangled together on more occasions than one, mostly during sparring or brotherly-wrestling. They'd also had that unhealthy mutual-awareness thing going on, and had walked in on each other fucking or jerking off enough times that it felt sort of natural to press himself against his brother's muscled body, to rub their faces together slowly to make it seem as if they were making out deeply and passionately. All in the name of self-preservation.

Through the slits of his eyes, Sam saw Dean peek behind Sam again as Sam angled his head to the right, saw his eyes clench shut once more with an obscene moan that Sam thought was ridiculously over-played. Dean's hands drew him even closer, settling over his back and slowly shifting lower, massaging Sam's muscles over the shirt he wore. Sam groaned as those fingers pressed small circles into the dimples at both sides of his spine, before traveling lower, and Sam jerked backwards when those hands landed on his ass out of nowhere – or not, he really should have seen it coming – and gave it a firm squeeze.

His breath got stuck in his throat and he forgot to keep his lips closed. Before he could reclaim his bearings and remember to push his big brother away after Dean closed the distance Sam had tried to force between them with one quick step, plastering himself against Sam's front once again with another near-painful fondle of Sam's – admittedly – round ass cheeks, Sam felt a slick, warm tongue slip between his open lips and into his mouth, and he felt more than heard the pathetic little whimpering sound he made.

They were making out right now, for real. Tongues battling and stroking each other's, hands roaming and squeezing and teasing along the hem of pants and shirts, heavy breathes, twitching hips real making out.

Sam did not have the first clue how the situation got turned around so dramatically in the span of all of three minutes.

He also had no idea how to backpedal and go back to when things were normal and not borderline incestuous.

He also, and that he could barely even admit to himself inside his own head, had no idea of
again, pushing his fingers higher, deeper, to cover as much land as possible as he curls them just right and starts pulling them out of Sam, painfully slow, fingernails dragging across the sensitive flesh as Sam bites his lip and exhales a stuttering breath.

Dean continues to play with Sam's ass until John returns, a tray in each hand and a disgruntled scowl that is usually followed by either a snap or the silent treatment. Dean's hoping for the latter, although the first one does have the advantage of John storming off afterwards and leaving Dean and Sam enough time for two-to-three rounds of uninterrupted fun-time, at least.

Sam hurriedly pushes the papers scattered across the table to one side of the table, gathering them in neat piles, unconsciously grinding down on Dean's explorative fingers and keeping his eyes down. Dean bites the inside of his cheek to avoid snickering like he's just heard a dirty joke – Sam is dirty, alright, fucking filthy when he wants to be, sometimes even when he doesn't even try to be, but Dean is more likely to tackle him to the floor and take him raw at this point than burst out laughing, though that, too, has been known to happen every so often – and stuffs a fry into his mouth with the hand that is not buried knuckle-deep inside his little brother.

"What's gotten into you, boys?" John grumbles, and Dean bites the inside of his cheek hard enough to taste blood as Sam's hands snatch the milkshake to mask his cough behind his drink. "Get your heads straight, this is a hunt!"

"Sorry," Dean has no idea how he manages to keep an even tone and a straight face, but he does.

Sam doesn't.

"Yes-s-" he coughs again raspingly, inhaling loudly as Dean starts scissoring his fingers ruthlessly, stretching as far as he can. "-sir."

John's not even looking at them. He's got his eyes on a creasy piece of torn-off old newspaper article, finger tracing the letters as his other hand brings forkfuls upon forkfuls of corn-speckled-white-rice to his openly chewing mouth. And he wonders why Dean and Sam grew up to be such savages.

It's only because of John's distractedness that Dean risks moving his wrist a bit more, gathering enough momentum to jam his fingers into Sam more forcefully, Sam jerks and shudders. Not one of those subtle shudders, either. A full-body shudder.

John raises his eyes and frowns at Dean's little brother.

"B-brain f-f-freeze," Sam stammers, hands gripping the glass of milkshake almost hard enough to break it. Dean's feeling a tad apprehensive but that feeling quickly diminishes when John seems to accept Sam's bluff and returns to his paper-reading.

Sam only picks at his salad, so Dean spins their joined tray so Sam can pick at the more calorie-laden French fries from his plate, instead. Sam doesn't seem to notice the switch from crisp-fresh to crisp-fried, though, because he keeps shifting the food across the plate, occasionally bringing a fry to his lips and nibbling at it. Dean thinks it's got a lot to do with how hard he's fucking Sam with his fingers now, the change in posture as he leans into Sam's space to snatch a fry or two allowing him more leeway and bolder wrist-movements.

They finish their food in silence – apart from a few not-entirely-suppressed sounds from Sam – and when John puts his empty cup of coffee back down on the table with a resolute clank, Dean counts that as their cue to leave.

He drags his fingers slowly out of Sam, prodding at the fluttering, swollen hole a couple of times for good measure, and wipes his hand discretely on the inside of Sam's underwear – if Sam had any capacity of forming a lucid thought, he would have been mortified and probably slap Dean's bicep sharply enough to leave a gigantic, bright red handprint – before slipping it out from under Sam and into his jacket pocket, making a mental note to avoid touching any part of John and John's with that hand unless there's a life or death situation. Maybe not even then.

Sam groans out a bitchy, "Dean," under his breath, but gets up at Dean's non-too-gentle nudging, standing on shaky legs and trying not to let his front be visible from any angle, lest someone catches sight of the woody he's sporting.

"Later, Sammy," Dean retorts back with a wink, getting Sam's trademark eye-roll in response.

In the car, Dean rides shotgun and Sam tries not to squirm in the back with every bump the Impala hits. Dean finds it endlessly amusing.

"It's gonna be a long ride, boys. You might wanna catch a wink," John informs them as he pulls onto the interstate.

Sam's face
Sometimes, Sam thinks something in this world is wrong. It's on the edge of is vision when he wakes up, a pair of green eyes opening lazily, so close. It's at the tip of his tongue when he feels overwhelmed, "De-" before it slips out of his grasp, disappearing behind a cloud of thoughts and emotions. It's his fingers, tingling like they had just touched skin, just been touched, like someone is supposed to be there, under his hands. It's in the way he looks at a freckled young woman and thinks wrong, you're supposed to be a man. It's how he shuffles to the side of his single bed to make room for someone who isn't there. It's how he eyes the burger section on the menu even though he always orders the chicken sandwich, whatever variation of it the place has to offer. It's how he hates onions, but likes them, too. It's how he feels safest when the smell of leather is thick in the air, a jacket or boots or anything made of the material. It's how his heartbeat picks up every time he sees a slick black car racing down the road.

No one else seems to notice, but Sam notices. He notices so damn much that, when someone finally calls him 'Sammy', he snaps. Shouts, fists flying, and throwing the chair probably wasn't very bright, but call him crazy – and they do – he doesn't actually believe anything around him is real anymore.

In his dreams, he speaks with a man called Dean, who has green eyes and wears a leather jacket, who is covered in freckles from head to toe and drives a classic 1967 Chevy Impala, who calls him "Sammy" and stuffs his face with cheeseburgers and onion rings, who snuggles close to him in bed, but they don't talk about it, who touches him, sweet and slow and intimate, but they don't talk about that, either.

After a while, Dean seems more real than this strange, strange world. More real than doctors shoving needles into his arms and tying him down by the wrists and ankles to hospital beds while he screams himself hoarse. Dean is more real than Mom, and Mom must be dead in the real world Dean exists in, because whenever Sam sees her he feels sadness. Dean is more real than Dad, though not by a lot, and Sam has the feeling that Dad must be dead in that world, too. Dean is more real than death. Must be, because when Sam wakes up, he is no longer bleeding all over the tiles in the small communal bathroom, nor is there a light or the voice of God speaking to him.

There's just Dean, smiling, green eyes twinkling, so close that Sam can't breathe, fingers dancing up Sam's back and a thigh between Sam's own and the smell of leather and the taste of burger on Dean's tongue and so many freckles. There is just Dean, whispering "Sammy," against Sam's lips, warm and safe and finally, finally real.
a few seconds, pressing the meaning, before he lets go and resumes his previous act.

Sam blushes, because he remembers that word they had come up with when Sam had wanted to try more things and Dean had insisted on giving him a way out. It's a stupid word, but it works.

"You remember your word?" Dean asks, wavering, hand drawing back and a troubled expression shuttering his face, as if he's been forcing this on Sam, as if he could ever do anything to Sam that Sam doesn't want done to him.

Sam nods, not actually wanting to say it out loud because then Dean might stop.

"What is it?" Dean insists, because if there's anything Dean is, it's careful, it's mindful of Sam's feelings and desires. "Say it, Sammy. Just once. It won't count just this once."

"John," Sam relays obediently, face scrunching up because if there's anything that can break the mood when they're in the middle of business and panting and sweating and so utterly out of it, it's their Dad's name. It's inevitably. Of course it makes them stop. It's just so wrong. Not the incest part, obviously, since they've pretty much got that covered. It's different when it's with each other.

"Good," Dean nods to himself. "Say it again and I'll stop," he promises earnestly, but to Sam it sounds more like a threat. He had only used the word to stop Dean twice, and both times have been because their father has literally been ten seconds from walking in on them doing the nasty. Sam doesn't know what is more embarrassing – the fact that they use their Dad as some sort of an emergency brake to their sex life (which is pretty symbolic, in Sam's opinion) or how on both times he had said it, Dean had taken a second too long to pull away, something regretful and longing in his eyes that Sam really wishes his own mind would stop trying to tie to Dean's unsurprising Daddy kink. Which, by the way, Sam is totally cool with. Dean is pretty when he begs.

Sam exhales harshly when three fingers slip back inside of him, shifting on the bed to disable their progress, or maybe feel them more clearly against his inner walls.

"Be good," Dean reminds him with a frustrated growl, pushing Sam's hips back where he wants them and thrusting the fingers all the way inside with force he usually reserves for plunging silver knives into werewolves' throats.

Sam's whole body jerks, his knees bend and fall open and his neck arches back, eyes shut tightly as he moans breathlessly.

"Or what?" he snipes through ruined vocal cords, because he loves this part, loves the back-and-forth, and Dean's voice fueled by rage. The little brother in him also loves talking back at Dean and rising his hackles.

"Or all the Advils in the world won't help once I'm done with you," Dean doesn't disappoint, and Sam flushes all over at the blatant tone. He shuts up, because with Dean you can never know, because Dean might actually do it. Dean has a way around words that Sam has always envied, so the specification of Advil might just mean Dean would pop over to the closest pharmacy and fake-buy another painkiller to do the job. Dean would never actually leave Sam in that amount of pain.

Dean can't be hard already, not after the number of times they've had sex tonight and the proximity of his latest orgasm, but that doesn't stop him from starting an in-out motion with his fingers to the rhythm of Metallica's revision of 'Helpless', bruise-fast and completed with Dean's baritone humming.

Sam chokes on air and tries to hang on as his body twists and shudders, grounded by Dean's firm hand on his abdomen and crushing elbow between his pecs. Sam's own hands clutch the bedsheets for dear life, toes curling in the mess of blankets at the foot of the bed.

Sam's not hard, either. He can't. His body simply passed the maximum supply of hard-ons for a twelve-hour period and he's unable to actually come again. Probably won't be able to for the next thirty to forty-five minutes, at least. Maybe until the Advil kicks in.

Dean seems to be enjoying himself, at least. He scissors his digits, curling them over Sam's prostate, rubbing back and forth relentlessly.

He repositions his arm across Sam's chest and leans in to capture his lips in a surprisingly soft kiss, sweetly licking into Sam's open mouth with a quick, slick tongue, driving Sam crazy.

Sam moans helplessly as Dean's fingers abandon the rhythm and start thrusting in earnest, deep and hard and spread as wide as
-free zone. The place truly sounded fit for their two-person family.

Later that evening, after a well-needed, rather long nap (the time difference was taking its toll on both of them, as Harry had expected) there was a knock on the door. Harry made sure he had his wand and sent a look at Teddy. The boy got up and put his necklace on, before returning to their game and picking up his cards.

"I'll be right back," promised Harry and got up to open the door.

He was met with the curious gaze of a scruffy bloke. The very first impression Harry had on the guy was that he must have taken great care of his mustache, for it to look so shiny and precisely cut. Then he remembered it was impolite to stare and greeted the man.

"Hi," he said awkwardly.

The man grinned. He had a nice smile. His features were soft despite the facial hair and his cloths seemed comfortable; simple jeans and a gray T-shirt beneath a checkered, deep red overshirt. "Hello. So you're the new neighbor. I thought you'd be a… well, a family. I wasn't expecting a bachelor. Anyway, welcome to Forks," he said warmly and offered his hand.

Harry took it happily. "Thank you. We are a family of sorts, I guess. Harry Black," he introduced himself, giving the man his alias (which was not outright false because of the rights to the Black name) rather than his real name. Being Harry Potter, anywhere, was like asking for trouble to come your way.

"Charlie Swan. My daughter cooked dinner and again there is too much for just us two. I just wanted to see if you would like to join us. Moving can be hard," the man remarked.

Harry hurried to agree, making the man smile in amusement. "We'll be there," he said. He didn't fancy cooking after the long flight – they had taken muggle transportation to avoid a conflict with the law.

"We?" asked Mr. Swan.

"Yes, Ted and I. Teddy's my son," explained Harry. For their stay in America, Teddy would be Harry's son by 'blood'. It was a difficult decision to make – Harry didn't want to take Remus's place like that. He simply had no choice. He got Teddy when he was still a minor in muggle terms, and by muggle laws he could not have gotten custody of the boy just by being his self-proclaimed godfather. Judging by the police car, Mr. Swan was a police officer, and Harry didn't want to get into trouble with the law so soon into their stay.

Mr. Swan's eyes almost bulged out of their sockets. "You have a kid? How old are you, man?"

"Twenty seven," and proud of it. Most people would guess not a day over twenty five. Living in a cupboard for eleven years had its drawbacks, though it would come in handy when he got older.

"Wow. How old is he? I'm thirty eight and I can barely manage with my daughter. She's eighteen," the man said ruefully, mouthing the number with clear desperation.

Harry laughed. "He's ten. I had help, of course. I didn't raise him completely by myself."

"Still, it's an achievement. A kid since you were seventeen… that's just crazy. Must've been hard,"

"It was. He's a little brat, like that," Harry then turned his head and called for Teddy, who hurried over and hid behind Harry. "Come on, Ted, be nice. That's Charlie Swan. Say hi," he encouraged.

"Hi," Teddy greeted shyly.

Mr. Swan sent Harry a positively glowing look.

"We're going to eat with Mr. Swan and his daughter tonight, so grab your coat, cub," Harry informed the boy, mentally wincing at calling him 'cub' in front of a stranger. He then reminded himself that this stranger was a muggle, and therefore not associated with the werewolves' society, and breathed out in relief.

"It's Charlie for you two. We're neighbors. Better get to know each other," Charlie offered.

Harry nodded in gratitude and put on his shoes. He waited for Teddy to put his and then turned out the lights, stepping out of the house and locking the door behind him. Teddy was still half-hiding behind him, for some reason wary of Charlie. Harry frowned but let it go. It was probably some scent that Charlie had picked up during the day.

The Swan house was quite cozy, for the lack of a better word. The couches were old and looked comfortable and the light had a yellow tint that gave a warm feeling. The ceiling wasn't high, but wasn't too low, either. There was a staircase