"You shouldn’t have done that."He peeked through the blinds quickly, breathed out a sigh of relief. They weren’t followed. Good. "We were running out of food," was her reply, and he could almost hear the belligerence in her tone. "What was I supposed to do? Let us starve?”He shoved his hands in his pockets, marched past her. “Then you should have waited for me to come back!” He went straight towards the table, moved to pour himself a glass of water - but only air came out of the water jug. He cursed."We’re out of water, too," she said forlornly, uselessly.If he had the strength to crush the glass in his hands, he would have. Instead, he pushed it away from him, then headed towards the door.

Only her hand on his arm made him stop. “You can’t leave!’ she said. “You need to rest after that fight—”"What I need to do—” He placed his hand over hers, tried to pry it off his skin, “—is to make sure we both stay alive.”A gargantuan task, that. And they both knew it.Ever since Kouta died, Zawame City lost its only chance at gaining its freedom - and paid a price it could not afford.take care of her, kaito.Now the city was overrun with Overlords and their underlings and humans, who once filled the city with music and laughter and dance - were now a mere afterthought. A rare presence.He didn’t know how many of them were left trapped in the city; just that he hadn’t encountered anyone he knew, the weeks following Gaim’s death. Fighting to prove his strength to everyone was now only a whimsical thought. It was all he could do to continuously fend off attacks that come his way.It was all he could do to keep her safe as well.take care of her, kaito."You’re wounded," she insisted, gripping his arm tighter. "This is nothing," he said, fighting the urge to wince. "I need to—"”Kaito!" She had nothing more to say, and he knew it, and he knew she knew it, too, but was too stubborn to acknowledge it as fact.But she surprised him when she continued, tearfully, “I need to do something, too, to make sure we both live through this, somehow. I don’t want to feel useless because I know I’m not. I know I can do something to help you, if you’d just let me.”She pulled her headband off and tied it around a tender spot on his arm. “I know Kouta made you promise to protect me,” she said, softly, “but don’t you think I have a right to make a promise to him, too? That I’ll help you, however I can? This world is mine too, Kaito. This— this is my fight, too.” She looked up at him. “Since you’re keeping me safe, then I’ll do whatever I can to make sure I repay the favor.”He looked at her then, saw resolve burning bright in her eyes. But what could she do? She was not a rider; even if she was armed with the strongest determination in the world, it would not save her once an Overlord spotted her. No. She was safer where she was, now.take care of her, kaito."Mai," he said, and she blinked, "by staying here, you are doing something to help me.”She frowned, but waited for him to finish.He turned away and said, “You’re giving me a reason to fight back, and come home.”To you.
–



“Let’s do it again,” he said instead, moving his hands up, intending to blindfold himself.



But she was shaking her head, and without warning threw the ball at him. This time, without the blindfold hampering his sight, he was able to catch it. “You’re wasting my time,” she said, not bothering to mince her words. “Call me to train with you only if you’re ready.” And Ritsuka walked away from him, without another word.



Tsubasa glared at her retreating form, silently cursing her for being so good and for knowing and rubbing it in his face that he couldn’t beat her, not yet, not right now–




One day,



 


he thought, making a pact with himself that very moment. I’ll make you see my worth. I’ll make you recognize what I’m capable of.




Just you wait, Ritsuka - I’ll make you realize I’m your equal in every way.






v.





 




tomoko/ryusei




“Ryusei-san, is everything okay?”



“Why did you ask?”



“You haven’t said a word to all the things I’ve–” Tomoko’s eyes widened, and she blinked and seemed flustered for a bit and said, “I haven’t… bored you, have I?” She looked horrified at the thought.



He smiled and shook his head. “Of course not.” Pause. “But I’ve always wondered - would there be any difference if you opted to use fresh insects instead of dried ones in your, er, concoctions?”



Her eyes lit up, and gamely she obliged his request, just as he knew she would.



And while she talked, he silently cursed himself for fooling her.



Because unbeknownst to Tomoko, Ryusei was bound to leave the country tonight.



He didn’t know how long he’d be gone - the instruction manual didn’t say - and he was forbidden to tell anyone, much less her, about it.



It was an unfair clause; one that basically told him he couldn’t say goodbye to anyone, because no one knew what he’d done. No one knew he’d applied for a chance to be trained as an agent for Interpol. No one knew he’d passed with flying colors. 



No one knew that tomorrow, he’d be halfway around the world with absolutely no way of reaching him, and that he only had until tonight to sever his ties from his family and friends for a future only he was aware of.



This was a goddamned test of his resolution and strength of character, but it was one he had no plans of failing, no matter how much he loathed it.



In the past week, he made certain he bade all his friends farewell without being too explicit about his actions, and it had worked perfectly well. He’d fooled them all, made them think he just happened to be around their area and spontaneously thought about dropping by for a visit - a trip to the space center, Yuki-san? JK, about that song you mentioned–? Gentarou, isn’t this the spare part your grandfather wanted? 



But when it came to her, he just couldn’t do it. Couldn’t see Tomoko in person and pretend he was fine, pretend he was going to be around her come next month, next week, tomorrow–




This


 

was a coward’s way out, Ryusei thought, carefully keeping his cool, collected facade for as long as he could. He’d carefully positioned his computer so it was facing the door, not the neatly packed bags beside the bed, and called her. She’d seemed surprised at first - he never called her this way - but didn’t reject his attempt.



He couldn’t say goodbye in person but he had to see her, and this was the best he could do. Ryusei kept his hands on his lap, to keep himself from reaching out and tracing her face on his screen.



She would be devastated, he thought, and it would be his fault, and he wasn’t certain if him not being able to see her pain was going to be a blessing or a curse - or both.



“Tomoko-chan…”



“Hmm?”




Please don’t hate me. I’ll never forget you. I brought your doll with me; you told me he’ll keep an eye on me, right? I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t stay. I’m sorry I won’t be here tomorrow, but I’ll be back, I promise I’ll be back for you–




“Ryusei-san?”



He smiled. “I have to go.” Quietly, he added: “I’m sorry.”




I’m sorry.






vi.





 




luka/joe




It was an odd thing, she thought. Every time, he would take the chair opposite hers and partake his meal whenever she did. He did so precisely and without fail everyday, and she entertained the notion
her bag over her shoulders - and felt her phone vibrate. She ignored it and stood. "If you've got no news for me now then I guess I'll just see you next month." Her head felt like it was about to explode and the doctor's reluctance to be blunt with her was getting on her very last nerve.  "Wait!" The doctor stood as well. "I do know a specialist in London. If you will allow it, we can send the results to him so that he may--"  "I don't have enough money." Her reply was flat and dead and true - her health insurance wasn't exactly the best in the country, but she supposed she was lucky she even had one.  "Oh." He frowned at that. "Well, there are other options--"  "Yeah. Seeing as I can still stand and speak and, well, breathe, maybe I can swing by for the check-up next month. That's an option right there, I think." She lifted a hand and mock-waved at him. "See ya."  The walk from the doctor's office to the main doors of the hospital seemed to take forever. Cordelia flinched at the fluorescent light that brightened the hallways; she caught sight of her reflection on the shiny elevator and cringed at the dark circles under her eyes and the sallow color of her skin. Fortunately for her, the doors opened at that moment and she was spared from having to stare at the pasty, insomniac-looking version of herself for too long.  Cordelia hopped into her Jeep and breathed. Moving quickly, she popped in a few pills and downed them with water, before resting her head on the steering wheel. Five minutes later, she was driving back to her apartment - and was studiously ignoring her vibrating phone again.  A hot bath was waiting for her when she arrived home. Thanking Dennis profusely, she shed her clothing and soaked in the water until her skin shriveled. She was sleepy by the time the water had turned tepid; still, she braved on and gave herself a good manicure and pedicure, and only slept when the paint on her nails had finally dried.  -  Morning came fast enough. Cordelia checked her reflection in the mirror of her Jeep, making damned sure no dark circles under her eyes were visible before entering the hotel. "Good morning people and a formerly evil bloodsucker with taste in clothes!"  "Cordelia." The vampire lowered the file he was reading and headed towards her, his arms crossed and a dark scowl marring his features. "Why weren't you answering your phone? I called you yesterday."  She rolled her eyes at him before walking to her desk and turning her computer on. "Yeah, like fifty-million times. I think I missed the first forty-nine million, though."  Angel followed and hovered like a black cloud behind her. "Why didn't you answer? Or at least call back? I was worried!"  "Duh!" Because she was sure that he would've known she was at the hospital, what with his vampiric hearing and all. Or - maybe he could even smell the hospital through her phone? "Because there's a no-phone policy at the salon. I've already told you that! Plus, I kinda came home late last night - girl's night out and everything. Sorry?"  He was still unconvinced. "So you just ignored my calls?" As it was possible, his brows drew even closer together. "What if-- what if there was an apocalypse. The world could have ended yesterday! We could have needed your help!"  "Yeah, and a single phone call to me would have averted it. I could have stopped the apocalypse with my gorgeous smile, or even my sharp fashion sense!"  "Well--"  "Oh, stop being so melodramatic, Angel! World didn't end, hotel still standing, we're still alive, yadda yadda yadda. Besides, if you guys needed me so much, then you wouldn't have spaced your calls, and Wesley and Gunn would've tried to reach me with their phones, too. Plus there's always the alternative."  "Alternative."  "Locating me with your nose." She tapped her own and smiled widely at him. "Yucky talent, by the way."  Because he was still frowning, Cordelia placed her hand on his arm and gave it a squeeze. "You were calling because you missed me. Admit it."  The corners of his mouth quirked up. "The hotel was pretty quiet without you around."  "Aww," she said. "See, you just complimented and insulted me at the same time. Go figure."  "I wasn't--"  "Ah, good. You're here."  Cordelia rolled her eyes at Wesley. Before he could speak, she beamed at him and said, "Hey! Wanna see my nails? Janna did a really good job at them yesterday."  Wesley raised a brow at her. "...right. Well, as much as I would
i baked it myself.i'm not surprised. urara-chan is good at many things, aren't you? He dimpled at her, and red spots colored her cheeks before she glared at him and rose from her chair.stop teasing me and eat, hikaru-sensei. i'll refill your tea. She didn't give him a chance to point out that his tea hadn't even been emptied yet before storming out of the magic room.


guess i overdid it again.


Spoilers for ep-22.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

8. ne, ne, ne! houka didn’t imagine it, right? i heard you say it, right?houka-chan— you really did call hikaru-sensei an enemy of women, didn’t you?
Hikaru paused midway through the invisible passage. He didn’t mean to eavesdrop on the conversation, and yet—
He caught his breath, and dared not to move a muscle. This was something he wondered about, himself.
A loud sigh. yes i did. i did! but only because—because… what? ah urara-chan, don’t make me wait! mou!it’s just… it’s because he seems like the type of person who make women everywhere fall for him, but won’t love them in return.
Hikaru frowned. It wasn’t his place to feel infuriated - after all, this conversation was definitely not meant for his ears. And yet, he couldn’t help but wonder where, exactly, did Urara get this horrible idea about him. Was it an impression his teasing left on her?

Regret, he realized, left a bitter taste in his mouth.oh? is that how you see him?i— don’t know. maybe. anyway, it doesn’t really matter why i said it. i was only looking out for you, after all.well… you really don’t need to, you know? i can take care of myself. besides, shouldn’t i be the one looking out for you?houka-chan— so just trust me, all right? especially when i tell you that hikaru-sensei… isn’t the type to hurt anyone - especially women.how can you be so sure?how can you?it’s just— i don’t know. i just have this feeling. or maybe it’s his features, and his built, and just— everything about him. he’s dangerous to women, houka-chan - you need to be careful. well, i happen to think his features and built and just everything about him is like... morning and sunshine! so pure and warm and inviting! what’s his true name again? sungel? it’s very apt, isn’t it? houka-chan! you need to be serious about these things! i am being serious! besides, are you saying that you think someone from magitopia isn’t trustworthy at all? w-well— or maybe you’re saying all those negative things about him because you’re still angry he stole your first kiss. ne, u~ra~ra-chan?
Now disbelief began to take the place of his indignation.First kiss?
Him?of course not! i’m not— it doesn’t count! besides, he was a frog that time, so technically he wasn’t—
Then something - or someone - unceremoniously bumped into his back and shoved him forward until he was standing at the Magic Room, with the two women blinking owlishly at him - as if they didn’t know who or what he was.mou, hikaru-sensei, what were you doing blocking the—hrmdrmhj!!!Hikaru clamped his hand firmly on Kai’s mouth and smiled at both Houka and Urara’s fantastically astonished faces. i wish to start our lesson early today. can either of you go and fetch your brothers?
He wasn’t even surprised to see Urara quickly volunteer to do as he’d asked.

I’ve always found it disappointing that Houka and Urara never did talk about Hikaru, nor did the show address fully the fact that Houka was a bit interested in him herself towards the beginning :c I wanted more magical sister bonding time, goddamnit!

Probably post ep 24 and heavy spoilers for ep 26.

9. His room in the Ozu household wasn't anything grand or big. Hikaru didn't mind; he had no right to. After all, technically he was imposing on them, even if he was teaching them everything he knew in return. He was more than grateful that the siblings were content to share everything they had with him. (they weren't much, truth be told. more than once did he see urara and makito talking in hushed tones, both wearing grim expressions. he knew, even without them telling him anything, that they were talking about their household expenses, and how their income and budget wasn't enough to cover for everything

1. He remembers her then; a tiny wisp of a girl whose grace and smile draws him in. But his shyness overrides his desire to be her friend, and in the end she too, has disappeared, and his world seems bleaker without the flicker of her presence.
2. She remembers him faintly; a boy whose haunted, wide eyes made her want to reach out and play with him, just so he won’t be sad anymore. She’s tireless in her efforts, just as he is in resisting, but in the end, he’s left without saying a word to her. She’s always regretted it.
3. Then they both grew up, and dancing becomes their mother tongue - he, to speak of his search for strength and power, she, to talk of giving joy and happiness to all. No wonder they don’t understand the other’s language.
4. Their paths cross, and eventually their pasts are uncovered. At first, she doesn’t believe that he’s the same boy with the sad, haunted eyes, if only because there’s nothing sad about him now. In its place stands terrifying, crackling anger, and she shivers, even when she knows his anger is not for her.
5. (It never is.)
6. It makes sense, he thinks, that she’s the same girl from his yesterdays, for her smile and grace still draws him in, despite the barrier of hate encasing him. He doesn’t become her friend.
7. (Yes, he does. She insists he is.)
8. Once, twice, he reaches out to her in a way he hasn’t done before. She is warm and welcoming, her eyes truthful and kind, and he finds solace in their encounters, no matter how brief he makes them. She speaks of hope and tomorrows and for the first time, he believes. He dreams.
9. Then she is taken from this realm and transported into another, and unspeakable anger rips through his gut. He needs her light; he needs her. To be bereft of her again is unthinkable.
10. Now, Helheim pulses through his veins. There is raw strength in his bones, crackling energy at his fingertips that distorts reality and opens cracks. It is everything and all he wants, and then some.
11. But she is the wind, intangible and deathless. She has yet to discover the full extent of her powers; has yet to control it artfully. She doesn’t think she aspires to. It is everything she doesn’t want, and then some.
12. She comes to him at night, like the edges of dreams fading at the first touch of morning. He closes his eyes, tries to grasp at her with his claws, and meets only wisps of her memory. He screams.
13. Lost in time, she travels to universes of ‘what-ifs’ and ‘could-have-beens.’ Some are terrifying to behold, for there is only death and destruction and he is to blame for them all. Some are lovelier to witness - he is smiling and happy and she, with him. But she cannot stay, and her power ultimately draws her back to the path he is creating.
14. He reaches for her, and she stands firm before him, even if she is terrified by how lost and haunted he has become. There is sadness in his eyes again, and she chokes as his claws closes over her heart. Come back. Come back to me.15. She is dancing, and he’s watching her again. She feels his eyes on her and turns to smile at him and beckon him closer. Hello. Do you want to be my friend?
He does.
, turning towards him from her seat in front, and he nodded, not telling her that this  was fine, as long as he had something to anchor him to something solid then it was all right. He’d be all right.
Besides, Hikari reasoned that he could always close his eyes to avoid seeing how high they’d go and just how low they’d descend to. He ignored Kagura’s bubbling excitement and Tokatti’s nervous enthusiasm and thought that this was stupid, that he allowed himself to be dragged into riding this monstrosity, but it wasn’t like Right was going to allow Hikari to miss out on anything and even Mio was against leaving him behind, and oh god they’re moving and it’ll be over soon and it should be over soon— the odds of this train stopping and dropping to the ground without warning should be close to nil and—
"That was fun!" Kagura declared as soon as the ride came into a stop. Hikari opened his eyes and breathed out, slowly willing his stomach to settle and his frazzled nerves to calm down.

They were back on solid ground. Finally.
"Hikari, are you okay?" Tokatti asked him, and he nodded curtly in response; he disliked anyone making a fuss over him and his so-called acrophobia, after all.
"We should do it again!" Right declared, pumping his fist in the air, and Hikari aimed a glare at him, ready to shoot him down—
Then Mio calmly stepped between them and smoothly said, “Why don’t we try the other rides first and if we still have time, we’ll try this one again?”
Hikari glanced at her, and she grinned at him, her eyes bright.
"...All right," Right said, knowing what they all did - that it was useless to try to appeal to Mio when she spoke in that tone of hers. “Then I want to try—” his eyes scanned the horizon, then pointed at something— “that one!”
Hikari’s stomach dropped to dizzying depths when he saw just what Right was referring to.
"Oh! That looks awesome, Right!" Kagura said, and together they raced towards the ride, the three trailing after them.
Mio sighed loudly. “They didn’t even ask us if we wanted to ride it.”
Hikari fell into step beside her. “Do you?”
"Well—"
"It’s not that high, is it?" Tokatti asked from behind them.
"No," Mio said, looking up. She smiled wistfully. "I think it looks fun, though."
"Then let’s go." Hikari shoved his hands into his pockets, resolutely striding forward. Might as well get this over and done with.
"Are you sure?" Mio asked, catching up to him.
He shrugged. “We’ll try everything, right? And that ride’s a part of everything.”
It was only after a few minutes that Hikari found out, to his dismay and mounting anger, that the ride lacked the one thing he thought all rides should have in the first place—
"What do you mean,” he fairly snarled to the attendant, “that this doesn’t have any seat belt?”
"Um—"
"Hikari, it’s all right," Mio said, stepping down from the ride she was supposed to share with Kagura and quickly moving towards them when she noticed the ruckus he was starting to make. "Tokatti and I will change places. I’ll ride with you." She smiled placatingly at the panicking attendant and all but shoved Hikari inside the small compartment.
"I can’t believe a seat belt isn’t required for this," he said, standing stock-still at the very middle, knowing that relatively this was a safe space. "Don't they have rules about it?"
"It won’t go as fast or as high as a roller coaster. Besides, we’re not sitting down, are we?" Mio reasoned, moving closer to the edge and peering downwards and Hikari wanted to reach out and tell her to stay beside him where it was safer because what if—
The ride began to ascend, and he did reach out, catching her sleeve instead. He swallowed hard, wondering when it was a good time to close his eyes.
Her smile was so warm and bright as she looked down at the ground beneath them, though, and Hikari chose to keep them open, despite everything.
"Look! Look down there," Mio said, and he did, and his nerves were quick to remind him just how much he loathed heights. But it was impulse that compelled him to do as she asked, to find out what amused her so, and despite not knowing what it was, at least he could say that he tried.

He kept his gaze up, left, right - everywhere but down. Told himself this would be over soon--
The ride descended quietly, much to Hikari’s appreciation. The door swung open and he was only too happy to realize his knees weren't buckling
She’d always thought their dance moves were too stiff, too mechanical - like they were robots going through their movements because they were programmed to do so. It didn’t make them bad, per se, but it made Team Baron look like… well, like they weren’t having fun.

Most especially their leader, who was wearing the most severe expression imaginable. He was practically scowling at the audience, like he was silently scolding them for daring to watch him dance.

Mai wrinkled her nose.

At least she was getting ideas how to better Team Gaim’s performance in this manner.

-

Their paths never did cross that often, no matter how the media tried to play it up - especially when Team Gaim began rising up the ranks. Not that Mai minded - Kaito was not the friendliest of people, after all. And it wasn’t like the other guys in Team Baron were any nicer.

Really, they were better off this way.

-

Then that day happened.

-

Objectively, Team Baron’s techniques didn’t change - they still lacked the fluidity that made dancing a cause for someone’s smile.

But ever since that day, Mai began to notice things she never saw before. She realized there was a certain grace to Kaito’s movements, despite how forceful he’d made them look. What she thought was robotic and mechanical before now seemed a display of strength. Character. He was formidable, just like how he managed to protect her from the Invess, despite being severely wounded—

Her eyes were drawn to his arm, but the way he moved it made everyone think he was anything but wounded.

She knew better.

She wondered if his arm was healing well, or if he’d done the foolish thing by going back to that dangerous place again—

Then she wondered why she was even wondering about it in the first place.

-

One day, she turned around the corner - and bumped into him.

"Sorry!" she said automatically, before she realized who she bumped into. “…Kaito?”

He clutched his arm, glared at her, and said nothing.

Her eyes rounded at his actions, and instinctively she stepped towards him. “Your wound’s not yet healed?” Then realization hit. “You— you went back, didn’t you?”

"That’s none of your business," he snapped, and moved to walk past her.

"Kaito!"

"Don’t follow me," he said, sparing her a backward glance. "You’ll only slow me down."

She gritted her teeth and glared at his back.


Jerk.


-

She watched him dance, and Mai crossed her arms. It bothered her that he bothered her and it was annoying how a part of her actually worried about him.

Then their routine ended, and he paused and looked at her, and Kaito’s brows drew together. His jaw tightened. He straightened his jacket and stalked away.

Mai wondered what that was about.

-

"Stop watching me."

Mai blinked, caught off guard when Kaito seemingly appeared out of nowhere in front of her. “I— what?”

"I haven’t gone back to that forest." Kaito took something from his pocket - it turned out to be her handkerchief, the one she used to cover his wound. "That’s what you’re wondering about, isn’t it? Why you keep watching me?"

Mai could feel herself blushing at his insinuation, and she wished, with everything in her, that he’d think it was because it was cold and not because— “I wasn’t watching you!”

Then Kaito actually smirked, and it was extremely hard to resist the urge to grab her handkerchief and just disappear far into the ground beneath them.

Instead, she forced out a laugh. “Don’t flatter yourself! After all, why should I?” she said, and with her head held high, she turned and walked away from him.

It was weird how she could feel his eyes on her back, but she didn’t have enough courage to check if she was just imagining it.

-


Stop watching me.


Mai found out she couldn’t.

Which made everything about him even more annoying.