Wufei again. The kisses were always so good, so tender, that it surprised him when he felt a pinching pressure against his left nipple. It turned quickly to a nasty bite that made him squeak aloud, and try to reach up with his left arm. The silk had caught him, though, and he looked up at Treize when he drew away from him. He felt flustered and uncertain, and was surely wide-eyed with surprise. "Oh!"

Treize gave a quiet chuckle. "Nice?"

His lips trembled when he finally answered. "I... I don't... maybe?" Maybe, and it felt so... he wasn't sure exactly how it felt, whether it was good or bad or just very intense.

A second one was applied with just as much care, not too hard, not too soft, but pinching pressure that made him squirm and inhale a little sharply. "Does it feel very much?"

"Yes." Yes, and he tugged at his arms just a bit, mostly out of a sense of playfulness. It pinched at his nipples, stung just a bit, and oh. It was deeply interesting. He liked the reaching stretching feeling it left him with, and the touch of Treize smoothing hands along his side while he knelt over Wufei's thighs was nice, as well. The contrast was exquisite, and it made him want to buck up, so he allowed himself to do it, feeling Treize ride with the motion. Even better, he was smiling down at him, and Wufei drew in a deep, shuddering sigh.

This was perfect.

"I think I might keep you tied up like this afterwards and feed you lasagna." Treize felt along his ribs, and then lower, shifting back just a little before he wielded another tiny clothes pin towards the inside of Wufei's thigh. The pinch of it made his breath hitch, made him writhe again, because oh.

Ohhh, that was so...

Treize carefully placed another, and then another. They pinched and ached and made him want to whimper, so he didn't try to stop it. He'd learned quite early on that Treize took sounds as encouragement, and he didn't mind giving him that. It went right to his balls, and for his whimper, he got another clothespin planted just so on the opposite side, a sharp sensation that made his dick throb. He was worried that he might get clothespinned there, as well, but Treize just stroked a hand up along the underside of his cock soothingly, making him want to melt into the touch instead.

"Please." His voice was husky and thick, not at all like himself. It sounded so wanton and needy, and it surprised him a little, made him blink up at Treize, mouth open and panting.

"Please?" He reached for another toy, and there were at least a few more clothespins abandoned on the bed in favor of a pink thing. Wufei wasn't sure he wanted to know what the pink thing was, yet. It looked nubbly and... well, he wasn't sure at all, but when Treize carefully pulled part of it back to reveal a tube of ice, Wufei felt his face go faintly slack with shock.

Oh.

Dear.

"Are you afraid of a little cold?" He smirked at Wufei, waving the nubbly thing before firmly pressing it against Wufei's belly button.

Cold! He couldn't help laughing at the tickle of chilled water that sloped over his skin, either. The speculative look in Treize's eyes registered in a flash and then moved on. "No," Wufei denied, but he supposed he might be. It all depended on the use Treize planned for that strange thing, and the degree of implementation.

Another slight squeeze and he was leaning in to circle it around one clothespinned nipple, enough sensation to make Wufei squirm, and it pushed at the clothespin. That created a pinching nip, making him hiss at the feel of it, unable to keep himself from squirming. It was good and a little bad, and his body clearly liked that combination.

He pulled at the silk, and was glad that at least his toes could get a good grip in the mattress while Treize smirked and wrote something on his stomach with the ice, leaving a cold trail that Wufei couldn't read. It made him curious, and then it made him gasp because it slid down, teasing over the edge of a hip and down his thigh, just skirting the interesting parts. He cursed, and that earned him a knowing glance followed promptly by a wash of warm breath that made him do it again.

"Good?" Good, yes, and he wasn't going to start begging. Yet. The clothespins at his thighs ached when Treize ran ice near them, smirking as he circled each pin slow enough for Wufei to want to twitch a leg like a dog. Teasing him was one of Treize's favorite games, and Wufei loved every moment of it. He was a combination of pleasures that Wufei had never considered having, and
of ice cream. If he'd met the guy in a bar, he probably would have been willing to have sex with him without ever once flinching. This was just...

Well. It was different.

"So. Um." The line moved forwards and Greg felt a little like a small furry animal caught in oncoming headlights.

"So, this is awkward. I know that. And my telling you that I don't plan on abusing you probably isn't a comfort. I mostly want to keep you well."

Yeah. Still kind of creepy, and Greg looked down and away, ignoring the shuffling people around and in front of them. He was paying so much attention to his feet, in fact, that when someone moved in behind him and he felt the sharp prick of a needle, he yelped, turning so fast that he nearly toppled over. "What the...!"

Will reached a hand out to steady him. "That was unnecessary," he told the attendant firmly. Not that Greg was sure if it was a put on or what, but from his tone, he was willing to guess it was drugs. Fuck.

Fuck, because that was... that was really dangerous, that was his neck for fuck's sake, and the world kind of... made a funny motion around him for a second. "Jesus.

"Sorry, sir. Standard procedure, and you didn't tick the box that said no...."

"I didn't see that there was a box." Yeah, bullshit.   Greg wobbled on his feet for a moment while the world righted itself again, at least briefly,and Will stepped in to steady him, sliding an arm around his shoulders.

"What's that... that stuff?" Other than sincerely wobbly making stuff. Bizarre wobbly making stuff.

"It, it'll all be in the documentation." The guy sounded nervous now, and Greg could hear him moving away, a little too quickly.

"Get back here." It was a snap, angry, but Will was too busy holding Greg upright to lunge after the guy and Greg was maybe mostly good with that.

Wow.

That...

That was totally not that bad. That was... wow, that was better than it should be. "What the hell was in that?" he managed. "That's... they should hand that out before they start sellin' people off."

"Then how would I know what your personality was like? Dammit, here, hold still..."

Hold still sounded good, but that was mostly because it meant leaning up against Will. He was pretty solid in a that-feels-good kind of way that made Greg bite his lip and hum. Nice. "Okay."

"I suppose this will make getting you tattooed easier." Will had a good steady voice, firm and easy in a lot of ways. It made him feel better, or maybe just seemed strong enough to support him and his current... issues.

Really big whopping issues, in fact, and Greg looked up at him, mouth curving in something like a smile. "That'd be... that's good. Really. Good."

"This is why so many purchases end up with butterflies tattooed to their asses." Will gave a deep sigh.

"I don't like butterflies," Greg blurted. "Well. Not, no. No, I like butterflies but not... not on me. Not on my skin. I mean..."

"You're going to end up with my name and some symbol. Classier than the old bar codes or mobile phone codes."

Bar codes. Bar codes sounded kind of cool, or maybe... "UPC codes. Man, that'd be kind of..." He laughed. This felt good, felt really nice, and somehow they had gotten to the head of the line when he wasn't looking.

"The question is, what symbol?" What symbol. What did he want stamped on his ass forever?

Wow. He got an option? Greg thought about it, as much as he could manage in his situation. "Not RNA. 's too..." He waved one hand. Nifty. "Not as pretty. Cooler, but DNA is... Like." Yes. Oh yes, and he turned, a little wobbly, and leaned up to steal a kiss.

"DNA helix, then? That's easy of you," Will murmured against his mouth. Just a brush of a kiss, a hint.

"'m kind of easy." Or he used to be, and then he hadn't been, but hey. He wanted more of this stuff just for the ensuing freakout. Put it off long enough and he would be so very good. Good enough to try and deepen the kiss, and then Will pulled away just enough, and huh. His turn.

"All right. Let's just..." He pulled at Greg, forwards and down, manhandling him gently and keeping him face to face as, okay, Will sat down. Funny, more or less, and he was
much the first time." And the second. And the third, and she reached up and pulled the helm from her head.

He'd get them first, if they existed at all. And if they didn't, she was waiting with glee to come back and tell him that it had been a waste of his last few moments of life.

 Glee.













"Ma'am." There was David, waiting patiently with a lack of motion that always, always showed that he was anything but human.

She scowled at him, smacked his shoulder with hers as she passed. That it didn't cause her pain, just pressure, was something else that made her nerves knot tighter.

Meredith wasn't going to think about it.



~*~*~*~

David did have his uses, as occasionally annoying as she found him. Particularly in the wake of their, their ruin, their discontent. Their failed fucking discovery, because they were not only dead, but they'd clearly been in the throes of a scientific lockdown to stop the spread of some contagion.

Sometimes it was vitally necessary to celebrate the fact that life still flowed in her veins. The fact that it probably wouldn't if things didn't get better in short order, well.

Her skin was slick with sweat, pulse racing, and god. Clearly she should have found a better place to hide the necessities.

"Is this acceptable, ma'am?"

"You're a mood killer, David." And her sex toys back home didn't talk, which wasn't actually a capability that a sex toy needed. Even if he were fully functional.

"Then I will do my best to change that." Change it with his ridiculously talented tongue, apparently. Again. It was a much better use for it than talking, especially with those fingers. God, yes. Yes, it had clearly been a while, because just the two of them felt like so much.

She leaned back on her palms, one leg over his shoulder, stretching into it. His fingers weren't moving much -- just enough. Just, just enough. His tongue was better, flicking lightly over her clit with a motion that stole her breath and made her shake. A crook of his fingers later and it was so, so close. So close.

There might have been a little vibration thrown in, a pressure that no human seemed to do right, only David, with his fingers buried all the way into her tight cunt.

God.

Fuck.

Fuck, and that was, that was perfect. That was one hell of an orgasm, ripped up from the depths of her, making her shake and shudder and lose all control, and just when she thought it would back off, his fingers moved faster, third one added, and oh god.

As long as he wasn't talking, he was the best sex toy she'd ever used. It just kept going and going, until she could only feel it, feel him, until she started to push him back. Push him away, and then he was crawling his way up her body, and she didn't have what it took to keep pushing. Not when he was forging inside of her, hands on either side of her shoulders, hair falling haphazardly into his forehead, and fuck. Fuck, fuck, that was big, that was good, that was insanely good.

It was precisely what she wanted, quick, not dirty but quick effective, efficient sex, a pounding like she could get nowhere else. Steady, heavy thrusts, deep, and he was looking at her, all bright eyes and cheap dyed hair, and it was almost distracting enough to bother her, but honestly.

It was just too fucking good.



~*~*~*~

After Holloway's death, she needed to wash. She'd needed to get the smell of burnt skin and screams out of her nose, she needed to face the fact that the aliens were alive and well -- or at least their bio problems were -- and that David was playing her against Weyland.

Now if only she felt anything like surprised by that fact.

Instead, there was a soft, dull throb somewhere in her head, and it just kept building. Wrong, wrong, wrong, a running litany that sang in her veins and that was settling badly.

This was all going to go straight to hell. Clearly she hadn't been in her right mind when she decided coming here was a fantastic alternative to staying behind and digging away at the foundations of everything Weyland had left behind. She should have stayed behind. She should have let him die with a crushed hope on his lips, except there was failure, the vacancy of hope, and then there was watching a member of her crew morph into something horrible, inhuman. 

There was no fear, though. She wasn't afraid, just angry and sad and disappointed that it had come to that. Disappointed in the whole fucking thing, and the fact that she wasn't afraid seemed to be a pretty clear indicator that she was so completely abnormal
made his way up towards the bedroom.

Willy was out of the house, and it was just the two of them. That only promised him good things, a little sex and comfort that could be drawn out, take their time, cross a few rooms to do it. "Molly?"

"In the bathroom, sweetheart." Interesting. It wasn't rose petals on the floor or anything, but he was enjoying it all the same. Molly wasn't much of the rose petal type.

Molly was fun but down to earth at the same time. Sensible, grounded, frugal, in a light, easy way. Nothing was ever a wasted effort for her, and lots of things pulled double duty around the house. 

Will leaned in the doorway of the bathroom, hoping that he was mostly cleaner than a coal miner.

The pause was worth it. Molly was sitting on the counter wearing very damned little except a tiny tank top and a pair of panties, hot water steaming in the sink and a smile on her face. A razor and a can of shaving cream rested to her right and her hand rested on her thigh. "C'mon."

"I wondered when you were going to get serious about getting rid of my scruff." He wandered in closer, wondering if he was supposed to sit on the edge of the can, or lean onto the countertop right along side of her.

"You had to know it was coming pretty soon." Yeah, and she reached out, a hand curving around his elbow. "Here. Lean against the counter, between my knees."

Nice. Very nice, Will decided shifting bodily to lean his hip against the counter just as he was told to do. "Good. I like the view here."

"Mmmmm." Yeah, and her fingers lingered in the water before coming up and tracing the line of his jaw, dripping with hot water. It tickled as it ran down his skin, made him breathe in deeply and turn his face to push into her touch. "Me, too."

"Nah, I think I like my view better." He tipped his head, caught her fingers against his mouth in a lingering kiss. Her knee was small under his palm, but comfortable. It was easy to lose himself to the different pieces of a moment like that, to feel everything at once.

When she had his jaw as wet as she seemed to like, she raised the can, squeezing the trigger. The sound of compressed air and foam seemed silly to her and she laughed, leaning in to kiss him. "You're furry. I like it better when I can see your face."

He turned his head, brushed his lips against hers in a lingering motion that probably left a touch of stubble burn. Will could feel it pulling a little. "Okay, okay. I like the idea of you shaving me."

The way she smiled seemed so certain, so completely right to him that it took his breath for a second. "I thought you might." Yeah, and her thumb rubbed shaving cream across the space just beneath his lower lip even as she began to spread the rest over his face

He hummed a little, mostly holding still to make her work easier. Her fingers lingered against his skin, dragged against stubble that ran in all sorts of crazy directions, and was starting to go curly. He had gotten distracted and furry in equal parts, and this seemed... intimate. Cozy and sexual all at once, and he let out a sigh when she picked up his razor and began to stroke it slowly along the line of his jaw.

Clean shaven felt good, crisper. The smell of the foam lingered in his nose as he curled an arm around Molly's waist.

"Not yet." Yeah, but soon. Each steady stroke felt good, the sound of her swishing the razor in the hot water beside her to clean it off in between every one. "You're starting to look human."

He gave a quiet laugh, and focused on holding still. "What was I before? Mountain man?" It was hard not to, though. Molly made him want to laugh, made him want to remark, made him want to do a lot of things. Her hands were steady, easy on him, and she hummed as she moved.

"Something close to that, anyway. I don't mind when you're a little furry at the edges, but sometimes I like to see your chin." Her thumb rubbed behind the stroke of the razor, right against his chin.

He smirked, and pressed in against her thumb, tipped his head down briefly to kiss the pad. "Got caught up fixing that engine."

"Mmm. I know. I'm glad you're done.... and that Willy is spending the night at Adam's because when we're done here, we'll have all night to appreciate that you're finished."

"I'm appreciating it pretty well right now." He stretched his fingers, turned his head so she could scrape the other side
Klaus muttered something to himself, then started to take off James's boots. "Get out of your outer coat, and into the sleeping bag. It's made for sub zero, 'nd 's warmer than your coat." Better yet, it zipped up over the head part, so warmth would stay within it.

It was so nice to be taken care of, wasn't it? It felt so good, the way that Klaus was helping him, and his fingers were nearly frozen, it seemed, unable to do much beyond unbuttoning his coat with stiff motions, his feet already turning to ice before he could scramble into the sleeping bag. "I-I've got an e-extra b-blanket," he chattered out.

"Good," Klaus murmured, unzipping the rounded top of the sleeping bag and almost shoving James into it. The thin blanket would be used to stuff down by their feet for extra warmth... yes, they'd be all right. Klaus was quick with his own boots, too, and hated to have to take his warm coat off, but... it was damp, and he didn't need to sleep in a wet coat unless he wanted to die. Soon he joined James in the sleeping bag, and brought the extra blanket into it with him. Then he zipped it closed, sealing them both in. "Better?"

"Better," James sighed in agreement, squirming back against Klaus. It was out of the wind, it was warm and rapidly warming even further from their combined body heat... Oh, it was MUCH better!!

"Gut -- if you can't feel your feet, wrap them in the blanket," Klaus murmured, handing the thin thing to James in the darkness they were in.

Instead, he promptly found the little freezing things tucked back against his knees. "Warm!" the little man cooed.

Klaus could feel the cold stocking feet through his trousers and shivered. "Or that works, too..."

The warmth grew until they were both almost comfortable, James's shivering slowly coming to a stop. "This," he declared softly, "this isn't so very bad."

"No, not so bad," Klaus murmured, shifting a little to pillow his head on one bent arm. "Can you sleep?"

"I think so," James agreed sleepily, snuggling back against Klaus, firmly cradling the length of his body into the curve of the German man's. "'s nice, like this."

"Like this?" Klaus asked in mild confusion, eyes barely open to the darkness.

James's head nodded in the darkness. "You're big and warm and feel good."

"Doesn't take much to make you happy." Klaus snorted, his words a puff of breath near James's neck.

"Not really," came the tremulously breathed acceptance. "Not really, at all, but it's so rare that happiness comes, isn't it?"

"I suppose," was the drawled half-agreement. He shifted again, his free arm dropping over James's little body. Moments later, Klaus froze in sheer horror.

"M-Major!?" That stiffness was unavoidably noticeable.

"N... nothing," Klaus murmured, drawing his arm back. "Didn't mean to do that, sorry."

Hands reached for his arm, holding it tightly. "Feels nice. It's... It's okay."

"Still cold," Klaus tried to excuse away the instinctual reaction. "Still... yeah. G'night."

"Good night, Major," James agreed, and closed his eyes to try and sleep.

~~~~~

When Klaus awoke an indeterminable time later, James was closer yet to him, shivering, and even in the sleeping bag Klaus could swear that it had dropped ten more degrees outside, at least. It seemed almost as if they would freeze where they lay, and the way that the little man was squirmed back against him said more than anything how very cold he was!

"James," Klaus hissed quietly, arms moving sluggishly to shake the smaller man. "Dammit, wake up!"

"Dun wanna'..." It was a whisper, sleep-laden, almost unheard, unspoken.

He shifted nearer to the little man, wrapping his arms tightly around James's smaller form, curling in a little. "Wake up!"

"'ncle N..." James moved slowly, almost shuddering with cold. "'s worse..."

"We need to... to just move a little to get this sleeping bag warm again, talk, something," Klaus told him, moving chilled fingers vigorously along the smaller man's spine.

"Move..." It was a thoughtful whisper, almost as if taking the strangest thing into mind, and the way his hips canted back to Klaus was a sudden indication of what he was thinking. "There's... one good way..."

"What?" Klaus's brows drew together tightly, despite the dark he was sure James could see that confusion on his face if he looked. "James, I'm not following you
Greg was gorgeous when he was squirming after a long day of Will's control. It was pretty much a verbal game, but Will liked it as much as the physical ones because he ultimately had the choice. It was a diversion he enjoyed, and Greg indulged him as if he didn't mind. Maybe it was even true, but half of the fun was the fact that Greg submitted to it. Any dislike he had for it was well-hidden, and he played along so well.

Still.

Squirming.

"Greg, do you need to hit the bathroom?"

Big brown eyes looked up at him, almost pleading. "...no?" Ha. No, because he put things off for as long as humanly possible on days like today.

Will levered himself out of his chair, grinning wickedly at Greg. "I think you do."

That squirm was a little more contained, but the flush that snuck over Greg's ears and across his face was undeniable. "I can hold it longer." He probably could, too, but there was a difference between giving Greg pain with his own hands and enjoying the buildup of it in his body while he tried to hold off asking to piss.

"I think you've held it long enough. Come." He'd even made Greg drink extra coffee, just. Just because. Well, made, offered. It turned into the same sort of thing.

Reluctantly, he rose and stepped away from the table. Will could tell that it took a lot of effort -- that it was a true endeavor to hold it back, not to hurry his steps towards the bathroom.

Greg shadowed him to the bathroom, and he waited, smirking a little because this was funny in a way, and enjoyable, that type of control. Exercising it in short bursts that made Greg squirm. Well, that or the need to piss. Either way.

He was clearly reluctant to ask, no matter that he certainly needed to do so. "May I go?"

"Hold on." He moved in behind Greg, close behind him, pressing close against Greg's ass while he unbuttoned the top button of Greg's jeans. The shiver that worked its way through his body was one of reluctance, one that made Will smile as he leaned in close, cheek against Greg's ear.

"I'm holding." There was ground glass in that statement, hoarse in Greg's throat with resistance. It was so sweet he could almost taste it.

Will took his time, too, in sliding down the zipper, closing his eyes and feeling Greg's shiver while he slid his hand inside and pushed down the fabric of Greg's briefs. He couldn't see Greg's face, but he could feel his body, feel the shift of muscles when he pulled out his dick and held it for him.

It was always the part that took the longest.

They stood there, quiet, together. Greg's body was at war with his mind, and Will could feel it dancing in the air between them. The tension implied so much, and he wished that he could see Greg's face, but for now... for now, it was enough to hold him there, to feel the struggle in him.

The lovely tension, the way Greg squirmed and stretched his legs and rocked a little before he finally let go and peed, a nervous trickle at first and then more, more relaxation. It was amusingly more difficult to aim for him than it was for Will to aim for himself, but it was so nice to have this control over him.

This kind of domination.

He could feel Greg relax as the stream slacked off and he was careful to watch, then, not to spill on him. That wasn't what he wanted.

"Perfect."

He wasn't ready to think about all of the other things he wanted. Not yet.

Maybe not ever.
."

His nose wrinkled in distaste, and he stretched his hands out to try to get a fistful of Jim's shirt. "Uncuff me..."

Or else, because if he didn't, he was pretty sure that things weren't going to end well. Jim's gaze was suspicious. "You won't try and smack me about? Because honestly, it's too late now."

"Yeah, call me resigned." He closed his eyes, and just held his hands still, holding on to Jim. It wasn't like he could do anything about it now except suffer it because it was done now; puking wouldn't do any good, and killing Jim would just be a disaster. Plus, he was pretty sure he'd make a fuck all mess of the business they had going if he did.

Something about his motions must have reassured Jim because he pulled a key out of a tiny pocket of his denims and unlocked first one side and then the other. "All right."

He shook his hands out, but didn't waste much time in reaching for Jim's hips to hold him still. His fingers were shaking, and Sebastian couldn't tell if it was fear or just drugs. "Everything's squirmy."

The wrinkle of that nose was fucking adorable. Dammit. "Squirmy. What a horrid word."

"Itchy. Everything feels..." He shifted, rubbing his ass against the floor and still holding onto Jim. There was a surge of feeling that went through him, satisfying, and another that made the world wobble slightly at the edges.

"Good? Bad? Squirmy is a horrid descriptor." Demanding twat.

"Good. Ish. It's a horny feeling." He felt horny a lot, so there was no telling if that was just how he handled... most everything.

Calculating look, and hmmm. He did like it when Jim looked like that. Quite a lot, although it was much better if someone else was on the pointy end of his sticks, so to speak. "Horny as in I'm interested or horny like that thing in France?"

"Can't tell yet." He dropped his hand, scratched at his own side, and watched Jim's expression as he felt a frisson of heat follow the path of his fingertips. "Oh."

Oh, yes. That was... that was actually pleasant, and maybe he wouldn't destroy Jim's favorite pair of shoes in revenge if the rest of it was as nice as that. "Let me know when you are certain."

"Mmmhm, this is like being drunk?" He repeated the motion, feeling a little fascinated by it. He wanted to run his nails over his skin, or maybe just lie there and start jacking off. Then again, his dick was probably pounding against Jim's arse from the way he squirmed.

"Clearly it doesn't have the same... detrimental effect on your libido." Yeah, and that was... He needed those trousers off. Now.

He kept one hand on Jim's hips, and his other hand rubbed at his side again, sliding over his belly. "Oh, fuck yes."

"Excellent." Yeah. Gleam of those small white teeth, and it was distracting just to see it. "This should have so many applications."

"So am I a science experiment here, or are we going to do something with this?" He pressed his fingers, rubbing slowly against his own skin. It was like lights, flashbulbs, and tingling heat.

Hum of an answer, and that resonated perfectly, like sparks of sound. "Oh, you know how I dislike getting my hands dirty personally." Yes, but he didn't mind dabbling, and they had the contacts.

Someone else would handle it and Jim would get the money, but it wasn't what he wanted to ask. "Yes, but are we going to do something with it. Right now?" He wanted to roll Jim over and hump him like a dog.

"Feisty." Snickered, yeah, but he was rocking down to Sebastian. He wondered if Jim might have sampled a bit of it before dosing him. "Tell me what you want."

"I, I want..." To fuck him, to have him completely, to see what more than just weight on his hips felt like with that drug sliding through his system.

"Then go ahead." Permission, and he squirmed down to meet Sebastian's wriggling. "But you'd best make it amazing. Or else."

"Or else, or else, I uh..." He   shook his head, and breathed raggedly as he tried to focus long enough to do, to get Jim not to hold his performance against him.

"Or else I will do a great deal worse than just drugging you against your will." Hissed and vicious and holy shit. That was actually not helping at all, because it just made him harder. Hard as a fucking rock, and unable to really focus on the fact that everything felt good,