all sort of going out together, at Burger Fool….”


 

It was calculated to defuse the situation, to make it clear that no one was a threat to the creature’s dominance, that it was just bad timing, poor planning, something the fickle little girl would have to think about before coming to the inevitable conclusion. Whatever would allow Frieda to get behind a locked door.

Because Frieda was all too familiar with yelling, swearing, words that probably should never be said to a human person, and no stranger to the hand around her wrist and the arms on either side of her shoulders and breath like lava on her skin. And she’d been in one too many locked rooms with only one other person – one was one too many – and she’d never heard a story about this guy, but she’d heard stories that named no names.

She’d heard stories about the bleachers after the game and the locker room during it, she’d heard stories of lunch detentions that the teachers didn’t bother to stay for. She’d heard about the blind turn in one corner of the lunchline and the hallway in full view of all eyes. She heard about the clubs that assigned buddies to new members and wouldn’t let you change them, the ones that sometimes had everyone show up and sometimes just one guy, the ones that had more boys than girls and poor supervision.

She heard about the teachers who tried not to know and the teachers who didn’t care.

 


“You and Osgood, huh?”


 

For once, Frieda wouldn’t have minded belonging to someone, being the known property of some boy, an accessory that he was nonetheless fond of and didn’t want anyone else messing up or ruining. She thought maybe she should’ve picked out a jock the way they picked out Frieda, but instead for his hulking frame and intimidating glare. She thought maybe, if she thought on her feet, if her mind weren’t iced over at the edges, she could pick a name out of the air and show it to the predator, who would hiss and arch his back and run away.

And she was scrabbling to grab on to any handhold as the conversation swerved nearly off the road only she was slammed back into herself as they skidded to a stop, one word repeating over and over in her mind as she tried to figure out why he was constantly going on about Jimmy.

She’d thought they’d changed the subject already.

 


“What?”


 

This was – was he coming at her just to get to Jimmy? Was that what it was? That Frieda wasn’t even prey herself, she was just another object for them to destroy in their relentless campaign to break some kid who would never have even talked to them unprovoked? Did he even realize what he was doing, or was he just enjoying the terror he visited on people, not even knowing what it was he was enjoying? Did he genuinely think he was interested?

Was he genuinely interested? Which was the side benefit?

And Frieda tiptoed through the catalog of her mind again, and there it was, she was looking through the wrong index all along, because for all the unnamed attackers that didn’t quite fit, there were so many stories attributed to just somebody that did fit, that fit exactly, that she would have seen sooner if he didn’t just sometimes make her skin crawl the way he stared too hard down her shirt. Because that problem was never Frieda’s problem, just one she’d been trying to sell the school paper on every single issue so far.

Because Frieda didn’t get cornered at the end of the lunchline, she got people pressing too close from behind. She didn’t get shoved into lockers, only shoved against them. She didn’t get her assignments ripped up and her projects smashed, she got badly worded study date invitations and people who failed on purpose so they needed tutoring.

Frieda didn’t get messages to kill herself, just unsolicited penises all over her blog.

And this monster was the other kind.

And Frieda thought again about the teachers who turned away quickly so they wouldn’t have to see, the ones who walked through the halls with their heads ducked, the ones who ate away from the students to be away rather than alone. She thought of the teachers who came up with alternate explanations every time something was brought up, or asked if she had just misunderstood, or wondered if it had really happened at all, if it was as bad as all that. She thought of the teachers who rolled their eyes at her. She thought of the teachers who looked her right in the face and told her that boys would be boys.

 


“Yeah, I hear you and he are, like, best friends.”


 

After that, Frieda wasn’t trying to stroke his ego anymore. She wasn’t looking to save her own skin. It had stopped being about a relationship she could use as a shield, because it wasn’t even her the asshole was seeing, she was just the latest
that it’s normal, especially during puberty, especially with any kind of new bond, especially when they put all these thoughts in kids’ heads these days with talk of health and relationships and couldn’t they just wait until marriage like everyone used to because no one got diseases back then and everyone was happy and never divorced.

Alec’s main takeaway is that it’s extremely common to dream about your parabatai naked and in compromising situations.

 


“You’ll get used to it. It gets easier after a while.”



 


At a certain point, Alec stops being worried about what if he likes boys and starts being worried about what if he likes girls. As far as he knows, it’s impossible, or at least really, really rare, to feel both ways, and he can handle being different, but he’s not sure if he can handle being weird. He wonders if they would want to study him, or if they’d just go straight to stripping him of his runes. His hands shake when he tries to hold fast to the mantra that his thoughts are about girls; mine are about boys because then at least he can tell where he ends and Jace begins.

The dreams don’t help. He dreams about every shadowhunter who isn’t a member of his family, and sometimes even Jace, and it’s not like he can delineate, because maybe when he dreams about men that’s all him and when he dreams about women that’s all Jace, but there are so many that have men and women both, men with men and women with women and men with women too, and Jace is only the man sometimes, and sometimes it’s Alec, and what does it mean if he’s seeing himself with a woman or Jace with a man? Those dreams might even take more to dissect than the ones that have neither of them, because they’re that much harder to chalk up to brains being weird and ignore and forget. Much harder than the dreams of him and Jace.

Those dreams everyone has, and it’s long since ceased to bother either of them. So at least when he’s staring at the new barista with her look of concentration and a smile just for him, Alec can wonder what he feels about that without hashing out the consequences of that sort of thing, and thank fuck he doesn’t actually have a crush on his brother.

 


“I’d say there’s no point drawing a line. It’s like how your fighting styles converge.”



 


Alec’s gotten used to locking eyes across a crowded room and flashing a smile at someone. He’s even gotten used to flirting, just a little bit, but it all falls apart sooner or later, because he’s mostly channeling Jace, and Jace doesn’t know what the fuck to do when a boy starts flirting with him – it’s almost funny to watch, his confident, give-no-fucks parabatai floundering because the guy in the glittery eyeliner offered to buy him a drink.

He knows it’s his fault that Jace looked and liked just for a minute, and he can’t thank Jace enough for taking him places he can, “just be yourself, you know?”, but at least Alec can be sure he likes eyeliner. The problem is, he doesn’t know what to do with that information. The problem is, once they get past that, past looking at boys out of the corner of his eye, and acknowledging what he feels, past the shared smiles, or at least the tentative grin and the apologetic one, past the introductions and small talk about what they’re both drinking, Alec isn’t even sure what he wants. He can’t take them back to his place, and he’s worried if he goes back to theirs he’ll miss something important. Maybe even get someone killed. And, anyway, he can’t just leave Jace alone, can he? And Jace always comes with him, because he knows if he didn’t Alec wouldn’t turn up at all. The problem is, girls wear eyeliner, too.

And Alec likes the bars and the clubs, he likes the lights and the noise, he likes being in a crowd of people at least some of which, and sometimes most of which, feel the way he does. He’s just not sure what he wants from them. Everything he can imagine seems just a little bit lonely. And he knows he doesn’t definitely need a wife to have children, but it would be so much easier, and maybe he really could find someone to love.

After all, every now and then he feels that little tug that might be him and might be Jace, but when she shoots a skeptical look at Jace’s charming smile and beams at Alec instead, he gets the kind of butterflies that must mean something. If Jace stops caring the minute he steps away, they’re probably Alec’s feelings in the first place. Right?

 


“You
before they climbed in his lap; they usually only stayed a few days, too, before they began missing their families. Some downworlders were like that. Wolves, mostly, who had families to go back to.

Sometimes they stayed longer. Their trust wasn’t always immediate. Even when they looked at Magnus like he was one of them, well, other cats had staked out territory, threatening them away, other cats had stolen their food, other cats had fought over scraps or pride or a warm place to sleep, other cats were only sometimes friends. So perhaps they would turn up one day in three, or when food was scarce, or when it got too cold to sleep outside. It was easier when they’d formed some sort of pact with his cats already. When one of his brought a stray home, the wary look was offered from only halfway under the couch.

Which cats were his was an ever-changing story, though. Cats were like warlocks; he took in whoever had need, but only as long as they wanted him. Cats liked warlocks, too; he lost many a feline friend to better offers, dumped headlong into that mix of jealousy and amusement that meant another of his wards had found a home. Cats made good familiars, of course, and when a warlock found a shadow following them home, well, a good rapport could be hard to find in the magical world. They didn’t always get along perfectly, at first, but Magnus had been taking care of cats and warlocks for years; he always had tips and tricks. For the cats, too, but warlocks were usually easier to train.

Chairman Meow was his only consistent companion for decades now – the name had been topical at the time – and Magnus frequently wondered whether the cat was himself a warlock in disguise. Too weary to change back, perhaps. Magnus understood that. He tried not to take animal form too long, himself, because escape was one thing, and abandonment another. Other times, he thought the cat was perhaps a different immortal, cursed to live trapped in that form. From all the times he’d found Chairman curled up on his stomach and purring, not such a terrible curse after all. It might have been wishful thinking; of all his companions, Chairman was the only one who stayed steadfast by his side.

Of course, it wasn’t only cats that he took in. Most dogs were wary of the supernatural, but there was the occasional pup with boundless enthusiasm for new friends, or the world-weary mutt that didn’t mind that nonsense if they could just agree to ignore each other for the most part. Birds, on occasion, would appear on his balcony, make their way inside, and nest. Every now and then, a less common pet, some turtle or ferret or iguana abandoned outside, would find its way into his home. He didn’t mind. They were often overlooked in favor of the myriad cats, but they were there.

It was like that with Raphael. Magnus hadn’t intended to keep him, not really, just soothe him and patch him up and find him a forever home somewhere more suited to his needs. Vampires were uncommon guests. It was hard to imagine they should be, but then again, only a warlock could really train a warlock, and vampires worked largely on instinct. Or perhaps they didn’t, and what they taught each other simply wasn’t Magnus’s to learn. Raphael was Magnus’s one iguana in a herd of cats; he was polite to the warlocks trying to learn their spells, let them have their space, but narrowed his eyes at them all the same.

The actual cats, though, well, Magnus found Raphael curled up with Chairman Meow and a book on many an occasion. Sometimes they fell asleep like that, leaving Magnus with the challenge of trying to tuck a blanket around the vampire to keep him warm enough, without trapping and overheating the cat. Sometimes Raphael fell asleep completely covered in cats, and at least then Magnus didn’t have to find a blanket.

Raphael learned from him, too. Not magic, but history, naturalism, literature, topics he loved but overlooked in favor of safety and peace of mind. He remembered what it was like to be unsure of one’s skill, and he would never begrudge a student the desperation to learn so many of them appeared on his doorstep with, not with one’s life at stake, and not at the risk of low self-esteem or anxiety or melancholy either. Magic was the only thing many of them felt they excelled at, and for others, the only real topic of interest in their lives. Sometimes, though, it was nice to lecture on something else.

Chairman joined them in their lessons frequently, sometimes relaxing in Raphael’s lap, napping or stretching or sitting, and sometimes seeming to read a text or two. Magnus was unsure whether the cat was actually gaining knowledge, but it couldn’t hurt. The soft curl of fingers behind ears soothed
We can stop talking about this at any time, Tony,” Steve told him, patting his shoulder.

“How come you never said?” Tony asked plaintively.

“I did,” Steve admonished. “I told you this many times.”

“When?” Tony demanded.

Steve sighed. “Well, I don’t know, you didn’t like it when I said ‘gay’, so I tried a whole bunch of other ones.”

“Which other ones?” Tony shook his head. “I don’t remember this at all. I think this never happened.”

Steve started ticking off on his fingers, “confirmed bachelor,


“Don’t you want to settle down with a nice girl, have babies, that sort of thing?” Tony asked, “I mean, isn’t that the whole ’40’s dream or whatever?”



“I’m a confirmed bachelor, Tony,” Steve said, with an exasperated sigh.



“Yeah, Steve, I don’t think that means what you think it means anymore,” Tony said.



“It means,” Steve said, drawing it out, “that I am confirmed. As a bachelor. I will always be a bachelor, Tony. I am never going to marry a woman.”



Tony nodded. “Steve, you should maybe be careful about phrasing it that way.”


“enjoy the company of other men,


“Well, I really more enjoy the company of other men,” Steve added.



“Oh, I know,” Tony said, “I mean, yeah, it can be a lot easier to just pal around with the guys, I mean, especially for you, women weren’t really around much, yeah?”



Steve frowned in confusion.



“Well, you can be friends with, uh, dames, ‘dames’, right? You can be friends with them, now,” Tony said, “and you’re never going to get a date if you don’t.”


“queer,


“I’m queer, Tony, that’s what I mean,” Steve clarified.



Tony snorted into his fist.



“What?” Steve snapped.



“Oh, well, I mean, you’re not that weird, though,” Tony said, “well, I mean a little bit. But you’re Captain America! Ladies are going to like you no matter how strange you act.”



“I didn’t mean that I was odd, Tony,” Steve said.



“Also,” Tony whispered, “you maybe don’t want to use that word that way.”


“bent,


“Because I’m bent, Tony!” Steve said.



“Bent?” Tony asked.



Steve nodded vigorously. “Yes. You’ve got it now?”



“Is that, is that some sort of…slang?” Tony said.



Steve sighed. “Yes, Tony. Yes. It’s some sort of slang.”



“I don’t,” Tony said, “I don’t get your slang, I don’t think. I don’t know what that means. I mean, I know what it means, you know, not in this context. This context? Doesn’t scan.”



“It’s, it’s a word, Tony,” Steve stammered, “it means the same as queer. Well. I think it’s a little more insulting. But, basically the same.”



“Oh. Oooooh,” Tony said, “this is because I told you not to use ‘queer’.”


“man’s man,


“I,” Steve said, enunciating every syllable, “am a man’s man.”



“Sure, no one manlier,” Tony agreed. “Captain America, man’s man of all man’s…men? Men’s men? Men’s man? No, that one’s definitely not right.”



Steve snorted and covered a laugh with a cough.



“We’re getting off topic, Steve,” Tony said.


“queen,


“A queen, Tony,


“fairy,


“a fairy,


“friend of Dorothy,” Steve said.


“a friend of Dorothy,” Steve said.


“Oh, I kind of assumed the last one meant you just really liked Wizard of Oz,” Tony said. “You know, on account of it being the only movie that happened before you got frozen.”

“What?” Steve said, “there were a lot of movies back then, Tony.”

“Are you sure?” Tony asked, “I mean I can’t think of any.”

“You have literally talked to me about Metropolis in depth more than half a dozen times!” Steve said. “You called it your favorite movie!”


“And I mean,” Tony said, “people rely far too much on special effects, I think, CGI, you know, and you don’t need it to make a really great movie.”



“Oh, no, I totally agree,” Steve said. “I love that movie.”



“Oh, has JARVIS showed it to you?” Tony asked.



“At least three times
Shadow felt a little let down by this, although he couldn’t tell you why.

Wednesday broke off to flirt with the waitress, periodically, though her deeply unimpressed expression left Shadow to believe that the flirtation was more for form’s sake than anything; she was a plain looking woman, anyhow, not skinny enough nor young enough for Wednesday’s tastes, as far as Shadow could keep track of them. She rebuffed him politely, though, smiling more genuinely at Shadow and their companion, and didn’t hesitate to check on their table whenever they ran low on water or harder drinks, and told them in no uncertain terms which foods were best.

Shadow found himself quite liking her.

She’d given them a strange look at first, when they walked up to the booth, or maybe they’d just been caught in the periphery of the strange look she was giving the customer already there. Someone she knew, Shadow guessed, or someone she thought she knew, who was actually someone else right now, something Wednesday had explained with the expectation that Shadow would argue, though he hadn’t.

Shadow hoped she’d chalk it up to him reminding her of someone. That happened more reliably with white people, and it happened more reliably still with people that Wednesday misdirected, or that Shadow thought particularly hard at, telling them they didn’t really mind one way or another. Well, it didn’t necessarily help, but it didn’t hurt, and sometimes it seemed to work out alright.

He wondered whether she really did know the man who was being borrowed to play chariot to a god, and hoped she wasn’t too worried about him. He hoped this because he knew the man would be fine. He would have hoped it anyway, but he would’ve felt bad about it if things were the other way around.

The conversation didn’t really concern him, apart from the haphazard gestures, and Shadow picked at his basket of fries.

“So how long you folks sticking around for?” the waitress asked Shadow as she brought another round of drinks.

“Just the afternoon,” Shadow told her, and no, it wasn’t his imagination, she was looking oddly at Wednesday. Maybe because of all the flirting, which he’d seemed to give up on for now. “We’re on a little bit of a cross country road trip.”

Shadow could’ve sworn he saw a skeptical look cross her face, but it was replaced quickly enough by an enthusiastic description of places that could be found right here in town, as well as all across the state. There was just a little bit of a civil war museum, if he liked history, just down the road a ways. Shadow agreed this sounded nice.

He did like history, he thought to himself, but maybe of an older kind, maybe not the kind with corroborating display cases and statuettes. Maybe he only liked the kind of history clouded by age, where the parts that were true and the parts that were made up were one and the same, because there was no one to say any differently. It was a different sort of history, the kind that could only be told through stories.

Then Shadow thought he might be getting a little too philosophical, and he was either having trouble holding his liquor these days, or the four to six people in front of him were desperate to prove they could outdrink each other.

The waitress slipped him a coffee cup and an apologetic grin.

Shadow smiled back. This was a friendly town. Small towns were often friendly. He would have to remember that, if he ever got to a point where his schedule wasn’t dictated to him anymore. Maybe he’d come back here and play at being normal. Not as Mike Ainsel, though. He thought for a minute. He’d like a nice, strong name, not too common, but very plain just the same. The kind of name where they’d buy that he was just a construction worker or something of the sort, big and friendly and not bothering himself with thinking overly much.

Chuck, he thought, maybe. Or Ted. Something short and easy to follow with ‘heads up’. Rusty, or something. Hank. And a boring last name. Something of the Jones persuasion. Or, alternately, something with a long history in the area, where Shadow could introduce himself as Bo Unwieldylastname, of the Shreveport Unwieldylastnames.

Then they were wrapping up their conversation and Wednesday was counting out the bills, and their waitress was keeping a careful eye on those hands. Shadow liked her even more, even if it was just that she didn’t trust the old man with his too close gaze, or that she’d been around enough drunks to doubt their math skills.

He left her a couple extra bills because he could.

“Look,” she said, walking up to Shadow, and laying her hand on his arm, not in a particularly intimate way, but not terribly threatening either. “We don’t want any trouble.”

Shadow looked around
the condom and rolled it on with his lips.

Connor let out a strangled gasp, and his hand was in Hunter’s hair, but not yanking on it, just pushing his head away, and he said, “no, I mean, I have HIV.”

“Yeah,” Hunter said, and he drew out the word, “and I said, me too.”

And Connor’s eyes widened a little in surprise, and Hunter watched him, and then he gave a little nod and Hunter went back to giving the best damn blowjob he ever had, which was surprisingly not that hard now that he actually wanted to do it. Or, well, it wasn’t hard for very long, anyway, because Hunter was just that good.

“Fuck,” Connor said.

Hunter had to agree, really.

Connor grinned at him as he carefully pulled the condom off and tied it and wadded it up to toss in the trash. “You want me to do you?” he called as he washed his hands like he did after every time no matter what they’d been doing or even if they finished, and, Hunter had to assume, every time he jerked off, too.

“Sure,” Hunter called back, surprisingly enjoying that thought, even though it wasn’t the kind of thing he thought about all that much.

And Connor walked back out grinning at him (and shut and locked the bathroom door) and dropped to his knees and Hunter’s dick twitched, which was funny to him, because all the guy (and still a guy, which might never stop being weird) was doing was smiling, not even licking his lips or anything.

But Connor proceeded to roll the condom onto his dick and give him not the best hummer he’d ever gotten but probably top ten through a condom, and definitely number one for blowies that didn’t give him fucking hives once he was done thinking about them.

Hunter thought maybe he was in love, but that was probably stupid.

Hunter thought maybe he could hear some sort of theme song going on, like maybe an achievement riff, but that was definitely stupid.

Connor grinned at him again, and he was pretty okay with things being stupid, because he was sure his face was one of them. He was sure it was stupid when he kissed his boyfriend back even as he got rushed to the bathroom to take care of his shit. Hunter thought maybe washing his hands wasn’t strictly necessary given all the other ways he could clean everything off, but it was kind of endearingly specific.

Then he thought love could be as bullshit as it wanted because he was game.

When he got back to Connor’s bed, they both snuggled into it and just made out for a while, and totally got clucked at by Connor’s roommate (even though it was his fault he needed some book badly enough to ignore the tie on the door) which kind of killed the mood basically, which fucking sucked, but, then, the sucking hadn’t, so.

Hunter grinned that stupid grin again and he kind of wanted to murder his face.

(Connor’s roommate rolled his eyes and left.)

Connor brushed Hunter’s hair out of his eyes and kissed his nose. “How’d you get it?”

Hunter felt the world slipping away from him for a minute and even his stupid grin faltered, but he’s gotten over this and he didn’t care anymore, or what was the point of the therapist and two separate fucking support groups, but he still did kind of care a little bit, so he fell back on his usual defense mechanism and said, “basically I fucked a couple thousand guys bareback for money.”

So when Connor was pushing him away, off the bed, it hurt, but he’d set himself up for that fall, so it didn’t hurt as much as it might have. He didn’t want to look up and see what he knew was going to be there if he met Connor’s eyes, and he let himself hope for just a second that maybe his ex-boyfriend was upset with the cavalier way he’d said it (because that was dismissive of sexual abuse) or the caustic sarcasm (because that was dismissive of Connor), or something other than figuring out the guy he’d thought he liked was just a fucking whore.

So when Connor was crying, that was actually surprising, and Hunter wished he could take it back while he held his breath and hoped he hadn’t tripped over a trigger.

“Fuck you,” Connor said, and Hunter breathed again.

Because that was okay, that just meant Hunter was an asshole, and he knew that.

“Fuck you,” Connor said again, “I slept with one guy, okay, I had unprotected sex with one person, and I’ve only ever had sex with two, three now, and apparently they’re all assholes!”

Which was definitely not the reaction Hunter expected, and he wasn’t sure how to fix it.

“I don’t
tensed.

It wasn’t anyone who knew him as Virgil, though. And it wasn’t even a friend of the first protester; it came from the other direction. It also came accompanied by a half dozen other people, all of whom had set down their signs, and turned to face Static instead of the cameras.

“Hey, guys,” Virgil said, doing his best not to reflexively lower the sign, “I don’t want any trouble. Just looking to fight for our rights, same as you guys.”

“Our,” the one in front said, “oh, he says our like he’s one of us.”

Virgil’s grip tightened around his sign.

“Get out of here,” one of the other ones said, quietly, hunched over and hands shoved deep in his pockets.

“Didn’t you hear him? Leave,” said another, fists clenched tight by his sides.

Virgil considered making some sort of platitude about how they were all in this together, but somehow, he couldn’t seem to find Static’s voice.

“You’re not a real mutant,” the first one spat.

And Virgil simultaneously relaxed and tensed, because what the hell, he was a real mutant, no one treated Static like he wasn’t a mutant, and what was a real mutant, anyway, what did that even mean? Most people started showing their mutations in high school, the same as he had, so even if it had come from a different source –

“Look, you don’t understand,” said another protester, plaintively, one of the ones who had barely managed to climb out of bed, “it’s not the same for you.”

“Oh, because I had an accident,” Virgil said, finally finding, if not Static’s voice, something close enough, “I’m not the same. Everyone says, oh, poor Static, it’s not his fault he’s a freak.”

“Don’t use that word,” someone else growled, glaring as she stepped closer to him. “That’s not your word to use unless it’s used against you.”

And Virgil wanted to say that it was, that what did they think people called him, that just because people thought of him as a hero they thought he couldn’t have anything to do with the big bang, that he must’ve been like that all along –

“No one has a problem with you,” Virgil heard, as if that wasn’t the most laughable thing in the world, as if he’d grown up with everything he wanted instead of whatever his parents could manage to scrape together, as if people didn’t question his humanity the second they took a look at him. Hell, Virgil would probably be better off if he’d turned blue.

“You couldn’t help it,” someone told him, and Virgil couldn’t keep track of them anymore. It was still half a dozen, a dozen at most, but it started to feel like it was the whole crowd, every protester here, like Static was the only one, even though he knew a couple of the big names had had accidents themselves.

“You don’t think it’s easier for you,” someone sobbed, “you don’t think people are more willing to deal with you, because you’re not – not contaminated?”

“Don’t you think it’s easier that you can hide?”

“And what about you?” another voice cut in. Deeper. Older. A gentle hand rested on Virgil’s shoulder, and he tried not to flinch. “Do you think you have no advantage, being able to control your powers, as you can? Do you think you have no advantage, looking as you do – look around you. How many faces do you see that don’t at least look human?”

And that was it. The crowd dispersed. And Virgil thought, maybe he’d overestimated the size. Or maybe the comments were coming from all around because people were just – there. Not because they’d decided to threaten him. Or maybe this guy had just scared them off.

Virgil turned around.

He was looking into a face that was deeply, heavily lined, smiling a smile that seemed real enough, even if it didn’t go all the way to his eyes. He wore a helmet, but no mask. At least he had the decency to be wearing a cape, and Virgil self-consciously rearranged his own costume around himself, hoping he didn’t look as disheveled as he felt.

“Hello. Static, was it?” the old man asked, holding out his hand.

Virgil took it, looking the costume up and down as he shook, and said, carefully, “Magneto. It’s nice to meet you.”

Magneto laughed. “You don’t have to say it if you don’t mean it. I’m well used to dealing with people who dislike me for personal reasons.”