first birthday party. He never got to see her first steps or hear her first garbled words.

 

Katy held Anna on her lap for most of the day of the party, Katy who had become lovely and tall and contrary, especially with her mother, which pleased and worried Douglas at the same time (he didn’t want her to turn out like him). Katy knew that both herself and her sister were daughters of the same man and in fact seemed to find a dark delight in the knowledge, like it was some sort of sordid affair she might one day turn to her advantage. She was perfectly pleasant with Douglas, very happy to see him. She doted on her sister at the same time as she made cutting remarks to and about Douglas, treating the whole thing like some merry game. He parried with her gladly, as he asked her about school and marveled at Anna’s constant stream of syllables which the child kept on with complete seriousness, as though delivering a regal speech in a language they were all too stupid to comprehend.

 

All the while, Douglas wondered if this was fatherhood, watching his second daughter grow angrier and more like him every day, watching his third daughter growing up from afar, and forgetting his grown-up first daughter more each passing week even as he remembered her child self each night in darkly-coloured guilt dreams.  

 

Douglas got to hold Anna in his arms for a while, just after the birthday supper. She slept for most of that time, tired out from food and excitement. As the other adults chattered and drank, he strolled around the garden  and looked at the flowers, and cherished the feel of her soft pudgy arms around his neck.

 

Anna cried when she woke up, momentarily not recognizing the man holding her, kicking and screaming and running for Mummy and her new husband, for Daddy Daddy Daddy. Douglas watched her go, and watched this other man scoop her up and hold her close, and felt nothing at all.

 

Katy did not come downstairs to say goodbye, even when her stepdad knocked on her bedroom door. Douglas left her un-birthday present – a watch, a hundred pounds in cash – on the mantelpiece, and left.

 

When he called, Anna would call him “Papa”, with deliberate care, so Douglas knew it was a word reserved just for him. He wanted to know if she had thought of it herself or if her mother had supplied it, but he never asked.

 

Katy never wanted to come to the phone. He continued to send her and Anna presents and money.

 

He was fired from Air England when Anna was five. He woke up the next morning with a start, calling for Katy and Anna and Alice in a hoarse voice that did not sound a thing like him.

 

“Who?” Helena asked him in a sleep-blurred voice, because she was the only one there.

 

Douglas told her “no one, dear”, and turned away from her as he pretended to go back to sleep.

 

He had already given up drinking. He called Anna every two weeks, saw Katy and Anna on their birthdays and on holidays, continued to argue wearily with his second wife every time he met her.

 

He did not cheat on Helena.

 

He wanted to talk to Alice, but was afraid.

 

He began to work for MJN.

 

=====

 

In Molokai, Douglas sleeps for a few hours, then dresses quickly and goes down to the lobby to call Anna first thing.

 

“Hullo? Deacon residence, this is Anna Deacon,” she says, answering the phone on her own because that, she once told her father in her same serious voice, is what big girls do.

 

“Hullo, sweetheart. It’s me.”

 

“Oh, hi, Papa. You missed Christmas.”

 

“Yes, I know. I’m very sorry. I had a flight and couldn’t call until now.”

 

“That’s all right. I got your present. Mum didn’t want us to go to the post office to fetch it because she wanted to finish her shopping, but I told her we must, because there’s no point in getting a Christmas present if it’s not Christmas anymore.”

 

Douglas grins, bringing his other hand up over his mouth to hide it from the drowsy girl at the desk. “That’s wonderful, darling.”

 

“Are you coming to see us soon? I know you said you couldn’t for Christmas, but maybe the New Year…”

 

“Erm, yes, yes, I should be able to make it for New Year’s. Do you want to go somewhere? I’ll take you anywhere you like.”

 

Anna gives a wise little chuckle. “Papa, everything will be closed on that day. We won’t have anywhere to go unless you count the pond, but the ducks are all gone because the water’s been frozen for ages.”

 

“Oh. Right. Yes, of course. Well, do you–”

 

He stops when he hears more voices on the other end, a woman’s and then a man’s, too far
he would probably do it on a morning where Grant is hovering expectantly by the coffee machine, or bothering him at the stove by wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing distracting kisses to his shoulder while Asher tries valiantly to not to break their omelets apart.

The longer he thinks about it, the nicer it sounds. Asher files that plan away for next time and finishes his sweetened coffee with satisfaction.

They talk about this and that as they eat. Grant reprimands him jokingly when he tries to bring up something work-related ("It's the weekend, Asher, honestly") so they begin to make plans for the next public holiday instead.  Asher had been thinking of staying in with his cat and the half a dozen novels he has yet to catch up on, but Grant won't hear of it.

"Not that I have anything against a quiet three-day weekend," he says while spearing a strawberry slice with his fork, "but wouldn't you like to go somewhere? Even a little?"

Asher waits until the waitress has finished refilling his coffee cup before answering. "You mean like a day trip?"

"Just so!" Only Grant can use an expression like "just so" in casual conversation and still make it sound genuine. "If I could take you out for only one day then I would consider the weekend a success."

"You could just take the chance to sleep in."

"Nonsense. I haven't slept in in thirty years."

Asher has yet to disprove that, considering he always finds Grant awake and ready to go even when he sleeps over at his place. He stirs cream and sugar into his fresh coffee until it goes the perfect shade of light brown. "I'll see how I feel around then."

"Excellent." Grant winks at him. "I promise I'll make it worth your while."

"You always do," Asher says before he can stop himself. His voice gets a little lower as he says it, suggestively low, quite without his leave. It's probably the most he's managed to flirt in public. It isn't much by most people's standards, but by his--

He hides his blush in his coffee while Grant steals his bowl of leftover English cream. They speak of nothing of real import for a while, though Grant does try to sneak his shoe up Asher's leg again, and this time Asher has the presence of mind to give him a little kick under the table to make him behave. Grant gives him a "you wound me, sir" look that does nothing to diminish the mischievous sparkle in his eyes.

Comfortably full and still thirsting for one more coffee, they sit and enjoy the terrasse for a bit longer. The crowd is thinning as the late morning wears on, but Asher still has to push his chair aside again as the same gentleman from before stands to leave his table with a "sorry, need the little boy's room".

"As do I," Grant declares, throwing his cloth napkin down with all the relish of a well-fed man. "Excuse me for a moment, cariño."

"Of course."

Grant stands and heads off, whistling an old tune as he goes. There are two things in life that make him as happy as this: a job well done, and a good date. Asher has told him off for being the hopeless old romantic that he is, but privately, he has to admit it makes him happy too, to be spending his scarce and valuable free time with someone in this way.

He's basking in that thought and mixing his third sugared milk coffee when there's a snicker to his left. There's a woman at the next table -- the companion of the familiar man who keeps standing to use the washroom -- with a colourful scarf over her head and a pair of oversized sunglasses over her eyes. She could be any of the thousands of Cloudbank socialites who regularly frequent this restaurant, and normally Asher wouldn't give her a second glance, but there's something familiar about the tilt of her nose and the pitch of her laugh. That's when he notices the particular shade of red hair falling artfully over her forehead, and he knows: "Red."

The woman looks up from her phone, which she had been tapping on one-handed, her lips pursing. "You can recognize me?"

"It's my job to recognize people, Red."

Red swipes the sunglasses from her face and tosses them on the table. "Damn reporters!" Then she turns back to her phone and types some more, two-handed this time. She means business.

"You said I looked perfect," she mutters as she types, then drops the phone on the table next to her glasses.

As Grant had pointed out earlier, it is the weekend, but Asher's reporter instincts never did learn to take a day off. "If it's a sweetheart you're talking to, then they would probably say that any time."

Red, to her credit, doesn
in the joy of being alive.

Later, as she and Ennea were down in the hospital cafeteria getting some dinner, Nona received a text message from Akane Kurashiki, whose name and number radiated a permanence they had never had before. It read, simply, "Thank you."

She showed it to Ennea, who, of course, began to cry.

=====

Aoi was screaming. He was screaming and there was nothing she could do.

They had been so sure. Everything had been in place: location, time, money, players, rules. And it still hadn't been enough.

Through the surveillance camera, Nona watched Aoi collapse to the floor, hands shaking as he fought to gather up the ashes scattering across the ground. Junpei stood by, watching in horror, and for one blazing moment Nona hated him, she hated him with her entire being save her damn you why can't you save her!

Images flashed across her mind's eye, alternate shots of the same scene: Ennea, so distraught by the sight of Akane's body being consumed by flames and crumbling to ash, was striking the morphogenetic field, striking it like a furious child strikes her fists against the wall, and through their connection Nona felt her own despair amplified tenfold. She turned away from the surveillance camera screens and ducked her head against her knees, pressing her hands hard against her ears to block out the sound of Aoi screaming AkaneAkaneAkane into the unhearing, unfeeling void.

=====

"You can't tell–" Nona gasped, "you can't tell me that and expect me to just agree! What are you thinking?!"

Aoi's expression was cool, Akane's sad. He said, "I'm sorry, Nona, Ennea. We tried to think of anything, anyone else we could. But it has to be her."

"Leave our mother out of this!" Nona screamed. She went for him with her fists, and he flinched and scooted back, almost bumping into Akane at the desk. "You can't use her! I won't let you!"

"Nona, be reasonable–"

"Don't tell me to be reasonable."

"Onee-chan, stop!" Ennea pleaded, latching onto one of her swinging arms.

Nona struggled against her grip but eventually relented and stopped flailing, breathing hard and glaring death at Aoi, who regarded her with a new kind of wariness he had never shown towards her before. Ennea pushed close to her and wrapped both her arms around her, burying her face against Nona's shoulder.

"Don't make Mama suffer any more than she already has," Nona said harshly. "We've done a lot for you, but we won't do this."

"Onee-chan–"

"What?"

Ennea raised her head and looked right at her, her eyes swimming with tears. Nona searched her face for a moment, not understanding, then her expression went slack with horror, and she jerked out of her arms.

"You agree. How could you agree? That's our mom."

"I know," Ennea sobbed. "I know. But Aoi's right. It has to be her. She needs this as much as Akane does."

"What are you talking about? You're all wrong!" Nona turned on Aoi and Akane again, simmering with rage. "I'll just tell her. I'll tell her everything and then we'll take her where you can't get her. You are not bringing her into the game!"

"You'd leave Akane to disappear?" Aoi said furiously.

"No! But find somebody else!"

"What do you want me to do, just pick someone from the street and throw them in with the rest? Your mother is the only one left with a connection–"

"I don't care."

"Then why haven't you told her?!" Aoi exploded. He slammed his fist down on the desk, sending a sheaf of printed papers flying to the floor. "Why didn't you tell her everything nine years ago, when she first started looking for answers?"

"I–"

"I'll tell you why," Aoi continued fiercely. "It's because you knew. You knew as well as we did that if your mother didn't go looking for answers herself, this whole thing would never come together. We needher – Akane needs her – and you fucking know it."

"That's enough, Aoi," Akane said softly, and Aoi deflated. He laced his fingers tightly together and pressed them to the back of his head, tipped his head to stare down at the floor, and exhaled loudly while leaning back to rest his hips against the desk.

For a long moment, the only sounds were Ennea crying and Aoi breathing, then Akane said gently, "I'm sorry. If it could happen any other way, I would make sure it would."

Akane held her gaze so steadily that Nona felt briefly ashamed, even as her fists trembled with outrage and her stomach churned
when he's busy and Grant is busy and they're both trying to keep track of their separate lives, but in quiet moments like these, he can admit it. He feels love in every fiber of his being. It warms him up to the very tips of his fingers and down to his toes.

The sun has risen enough to begin slanting through the east window, and soon Asher can see Grant's face clearly. There are worry lines and laugh lines mixed together on his face, all those beloved creases that Asher doesn't need to see to know, as familiar to him as the map of Cloudbank's streets he keeps hanging in his office. Slowly, he reaches up to touch his fingertips to Grant's cheek. Grant smiles automatically, his eyes still closed, as Asher traces his way down to his jaw, then up to his lips. Grant kisses the pads of his fingers as they pass, an affectionate echo of the gesture he offered him last night, during a pause in their lovemaking in the warmth of midnight.

A shrill electronic beeping shatters the stillness of the morning. It's Grant's frighteningly advanced state-of-the-art coffee machine. Because the only thing he loves more than his job is his coffee.

"Did you set it last night?" Asher asks. Grant’s eyes tell him no. "Then it must be Royce."

"Must be," Grant agrees, then looks contrite when Asher scowls. "I'm sorry. You know how he is."

"All too well." At least he's learned to not come barging into Grant's bedroom at all hours. Asher still isn't over the smug "I knew it" face Royce gave him upon catching them at it that one time.

Asher sighs. "I suppose that's our cue to get up." Royce may have no use for timing or decorum but he never shows up just to say hello.  He'll have something to say.

Grant pouts a bit but he's known Royce longer than any of them, so he knows it's time to sit up and stretch and yawn in preparation for the day ahead. Asher slips out of bed to wash up in the adjoining bathroom, then returns to dig his phone out from under the pillow.

Grant finally hauls himself out from under the covers and yawns one more time. "I suppose I'll go talk to him now."

"You must still be sticky," Asher points out. He smirks and goes to him as Grant blushes. "You take a moment. I'll say hello to Royce."

"Try to be nice to him," Grant murmurs as Asher strokes a hand through his tousled hair. "It's too early for you two to be fighting."

Asher makes a noncommittal sound and Grant laughs quietly, shaking his head. He presses a kiss to Asher's sternum and stands. His hand slides affectionately over Asher's hip as he moves past him to the bathroom.

Asher fishes his pajama shirt out of the tangled covers, pulls it back on, straightens his flannel trousers, and wraps himself securely in his bathrobe before stepping out into the kitchen. Royce is seated at the sleek, modern counter on one of the sleek, modern stools, sipping on an espresso as he types one-handed on his portable computer. He's fully and impeccably dressed but the intensity of his gaze and the jitter of his leg tells Asher he probably hasn't slept in a few days.

"Good morning," says Asher.

Royce says "Hn" and pauses in his typing just long enough to gesture loftily to the two steaming cups of coffee sitting in wait on the counter. Asher takes one up immediately. Royce doesn't often bother making coffee for anyone else, but when he does it's second to none.

Asher tastes the coffee black as a courtesy, then goes straight for the milk and sugar, ignoring the dirty look Royce gives him for daring to ruin a perfectly good cup of joe. His imperious look is greatly tempered by the mug he's using -- one of Grant's novelty cat ones, ceramic ears and all -- but Asher knows better than to laugh.

Asher sits across from Royce and just watches him type for a while, sipping his transgressive coffee. Royce seems primed to disregard his presence for a while but then he abruptly says, "Slept well, I hope" between gulps, though he isn't quite looking at him.

"I did, thanks," Asher replies. "You look like you could use a few hours yourself."

Royce raises his cat mug demonstratively as his other hand keeps typing away. His version of "duty calls", Asher supposes.

Royce's computer bleeps and Royce's brows knit together. Then something bumps hard against one of the bay windows, making Asher jump. Royce merely looks exasperated.

"Would you be so kind as to open a window?" he says to Asher. Asher looks at him but does as he asks, and jumps again when something white and
s not alone with his thoughts anymore. Even on the cloudiest, foggiest days, there's always someone else's thoughts there, in his periphery, floating along like they belong, like they've always belonged. And he's never begrudged them once.

 

=====

 

Being with Sherlock is natural, somehow, like it's always just been, like they've known each other all their lives and nothing can separate them. John knows it's ridiculous, a little, but finds out soon that he doesn't much care. He's never felt this before, this serenity, this calm whether they're chasing an armed criminal down a dark alley or just sitting around at home, half listening to whatever crap telly is on at three in the morning. There's a joy in just being together, in the most literal sense, just being in the company of each other and breathing, listening. It's fine, it's easy, it's so ordinary and yet so extraordinary that John can't help but question it sometimes, mostly during the times where he's not there with Sherlock, in the middle of the night with the sound of Sherlock's experimenting floating up the stairs to his room. John tries to write about it in his blog once or twice, but always ends of backspacing it, shaking his head. It's not something that can be put into words, described or explained or analyzed. It simply is.

 

So he stops trying to figure it out. He stops thinking about it in the terms of why and how. It doesn't matter, as long as it's there, and as long as it never stops being there, then it's all fine.

 

=====

 

Touch is a strange thing for Sherlock. Mostly he just doesn't think about it. People tend to not touch him; they keep a respectable distance and then an inch or two more to be certain. On a very basic behavioural level, Sherlock knows that it's because he intimidates them; they are impressed and slightly frightened by him, so they give him a wide berth, as though afraid he might snap out and bite.

 

John doesn't adhere to such things, of course, but John isn't intimidated by Sherlock nor is he afraid of him by any stretch of the imagination. John can stand easily in his personal space, comfortably by his side as Sherlock relates the facts of a case or laments about the lack of them. John can shuffle around him in the narrow kitchen to fetch the tea and won't care that his jumper sleeve brushes against Sherlock's side, or that he has to place a hand on his elbow to reach around him for the teapot. Everything about John is easy, uncomplicated, unencumbered, including the casual touches. It's not something they have to talk about or even notice. Like everything else in their life it's just there, without question.

 

So it isn't surprising when, on that day when Sherlock falls into the Thames in pursuit of a three-time murderer, John drapes his heavy winter quilt over Sherlock's shoulders and then tucks himself in next to him, so that they are side by side on the sofa with John's arm pressed against Sherlock's shivering back. Sherlock is too prideful to say anything, but then again he doesn't have to; all that could be said is said in the simple gesture, the sharing of body heat to ward off hypothermia, the steady left hand on his hip. Sherlock hadn't wanted to go to the A&E even though he was shuddering and dripping and blue, but it’s better this way, that John should be the one to keep him from cold and death. This is fine.

 

That night, they fall asleep like that, curled together like boys tired out from playing. It's their best sleep in a long time.

 

=====

 

John has stopped being annoyed that people always take them for a couple, mostly because it's tiresome to get his hackles up every time it happens, and it happens a lot. It's a bit of an in-joke at the Yard, where some of the sergeants and officers find themselves comical when they follow them with their eyes and wiggle their eyebrows and refer to John behind his back as "the missus". John gives them a Look when they get too loud but otherwise doesn't bother, and Sherlock is as supremely uncaring as his customs dictate.

 

Lestrade has a funny quirk of a smile that he does when he looks at them sometimes, that kind of an indulgent older brother smile, or what John imagines an indulgent older brother smile would look like if he had an older brother. Probably Lestrade is only thinking that John is good for keeping Sherlock in line, or at least for keeping others away from Sherlock when he's in a frenzy of deduction. But John can also see a bit of the usual assumptions in his eyes, too.

 

That's all right. John is above caring
why I said it. I suppose it seemed like the right thing to say at the right moment, except it was not right in either sense because Remus suddenly froze up, like he had been cursed, and then slowly, slowly, very slowly turned to look at me.

Now if I know Remus, whenever any of us happens to say something that is just a bit too far off the mark of sanity or sense, he will make this kind of Face that is halfway between exasperation and fondness, and will say something like "That is the silliest thing I have ever heard in my life" or "And I'll go have a picnic with the giant squid, shall I?" or even "Of course I would be happy to spend a day scraping gooey bits of Sirius Black off the walls".

He was not making the Face this time, which was probably the scariest thing of all.

Remus: "What?"

Me: "Well, are you?"

James: "Merlin's pants."

Remus: "Why would you think that?"

Before I could say anything, Peter spoke up and said, "I'm really sorry to just ask like this, Remus, but you weren't telling and we were really worried so–"

James interrupted, because he is a berk, "But you aren't, right? I mean, we'd be able to tell, right? Your mum has just been ill…"

Even James knew it was time to shut up at this point, because Remus was looking at the floor with a look like he was concentrating very hard. James and Peter and I had run out of words to say, so we just looked at him and waited to see how he would react.

After a very long while, Remus looked up quickly and focused on some spot above my head, maybe so he would not have to look at any of us in the eye. Then he said, "I'm sorry."

I don't know about James and Peter, but I was personally very astonished. I said, "Why are you sorry?"

Remus said, "For forcing you to share a room with a werewolf for two years."

So that was it. We had been right after all.

James went back to sit on the bed, but other than him, none of us moved or made any sound. Remus continued to stare at that one spot over my head, which was quickly getting old. So, I went up to him and put my hand on his shoulder to try to get him to look me in the eye. I said, "It's all right, you know."

Remus, morosely: "Of course it isn't."

Peter, comfortingly: "It really is, though."

Me, charmingly: "We don't mind. We're just surprised, that's all."

James made a sort of gurgling, suffering noise, but everyone ignored him. I said, "We'll still be your friend. Right, Pete?"

Peter said, "Yeah."

I said, "Right, James?"

James did not say anything for a while. Then Peter went over to the bed and smacked him on the arm, really very hard, probably harder than he had ever hit anything in his life. James gave an impressive yelp and the blue glow emanating from every single one of his hairs became brighter for a second or two.

James yelped, "Yes! All right! Of course!"

I said, "And I will too, naturally. So you see, it's all right."

Remus still was not looking at me, but after a minute or so, he smiled, ever so slightly, and nodded his head.

So that is how we found out. I would say it's a bit of a shock, but it isn't really. We saw the signs and made our deductions, and as the great Muggle detective has said, once you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.

Speaking of which, I was going to read "A Scandal in Bohemia" tonight so I will get to that. I'll probably go sit at the window because it's all cool and frosted from the snow, and people are less likely to interrupt me reading when they have to approach a chilly window to do it.

Plus that location puts me at the farthest point from James' distracting blue body hair.

Good night,

S. B.

=====

In my dream, there is a dog in the snow. The dog's name is Padfoot.

I do not know how I know this. Perhaps it is my dog and I have only just begun to remember it.

The dog plays in the snow, running, diving, leaping, treating the field as playground and plaything all at once. It tumbles down a hill, yelping in doggy ecstasy, as waves of snow follow it down. I can almost remember what it feels like to play, to be happy. Somehow, the dog's feelings feel very close
You follow behind her and do not interrupt. She is walking quickly but not like she wants to lose you, and that is enough.

Earlier, she said, “Sensei, I need to talk to you.”

Now, she says, “Sensei, I’ve been doing my best.”

She does not turn around. You say, yes.

She starts, “Then why have you–” and stops, then starts again, stiffer, more formal, “Please, why have you stopped calling out to me?”

It is one of the hottest weeks of summer, and the week of the brass band’s summer camp. Cicadas trill in the bushes and far off to your left, there are the sounds of happy, carefree conversation: the other members of the club, lounging in the last minutes of sun before evening.

You are alone with her. You do not think this is a good thing to be.

Your necktie clutches at your throat. You think of loosening it, then dismiss the thought. You tell her that nothing has changed.

She whips around to glare at you. “Sensei, that is a lie.” You have never seen her so angry.

Quieter, she says, “I enjoy our social studies.”

Quieter still, she says, “I don’t want them to stop.”

You hear a single horn blast in the distance. Students laugh like crows.

You want to explain, as her teacher, but the words do not come. As always, she confuses you, she makes your thoughts go around in circles until you have to close your eyes and will them all away. When you open your eyes again, she is still standing before you, petulant and sad.

She says, “I like Sensei’s company very much.”

Keiko-san. Not Himuro-chi?

The quirk of her mouth. You’ve caught her out. “Himuro-chi, then. You’re right, he’s the one I prefer. So I want him back.”

It’s brazen (it’s forbidden) but you aren’t shocked. You guessed, rightly, that this was what she wanted to say. Yet you do not know what to say, to end this. It’s your fault, you’ve gotten too close, this must end–

But she is faster. She makes her choice. “Reiichi-san. Please.”

She is all innocence. Your name comes easily off her tongue, as easily as the scales she practices, arduously, every day.

You close your eyes. When you open them, she is still there.

You tell her, all right.

=====

She is seventeen years old and ambitious.

She wants to go to Tokyo University. “It’s far from Habataki, and my parents will be sad I’m going away, but I really think that’s where I need to be.”

It’s your place to encourage her. After all, she is top of her class. You ask her what she wants to study at Tokyo University.

“Mathematics,” she says, without hesitation, without even a blink. “I want to be a professor of mathematics.”

You tell her that is fine. Math is her strong subject. You do not ask what you are both expecting you to ask. You point out, as though in passing, that it will cost her a lot in gas to drive the visits home.

She smiles radiantly, bright as the sun. “Then I’ll take the bus. I need to be able to come back often, or there will be people I’ll miss.”

You do not ask what you are both expecting you to ask. You make cursory notes in your ledger and send her away.

=====

She is seventeen years old and framed by the sunset.

It’s still cool outside from the lingering winter chill. Frost clings to the windows of your car, though you scrape it away assiduously, when you have the time. Mostly you don’t, because you spend much more time than usual at school, preparing your class for their final exams and university entrance exams.

But you have time today, or rather, you have made time, because it was Keiko-san who approached you after class and asked you, carefully, if you had a moment to spare. So you drive to the promontory where the sun touches the earth and you stand, together but apart, gazing out over the world as the light fades gradually away.

“Reiichi-san,” she says, when it is almost dark. “Reiichi-san, will you play the piano for me once more before I leave?”

You are taken aback, which is your own fault; you’ve been trying not to think about it, even as you do your all to make sure your students all graduate to the best of their abilities. You did not want to think of her leaving.

It shouldn’t matter. It matters so much you can hardly bear it.

You tell her, teacher-like, that you don’t know